17F, Can I wear contacts after Allergic Conjunctivitis?
I'm a 17F Chinese with no pre-existing conditions before this one, i dont drink, do drugs nor smoke:

Hi, so I'd have been diagnosed with allergic conjunctivitis and had it ongoing for about 3 months and 14days now, it had been a hell of a few months with not knowing what the hell was wrong with my eye,

Itching, foreign body sensations, redness, watery discharge leading to occasional crusting (lacrimation), and inflammation of the eyes.

I'd been diagnosed 1 month ago, and the antihistamines I was put on and told I'd be cured after that didn't work properly anymore after I kept using them// ineffective. Pataday olopatadine drops 0.2%

Now, I've been prescribed a short course of steroid drops for only a week for 4 times a day. Fluorometholone 0.1% drops. Thing is, I'm lucky my allergies aren't contact lens-related, yet I don't know what caused my allergy to react so badly in the first place. Note that this is the first time ever in my life to happen to me. It isn't Contact Lens Intolerance, that's for sure though.

Im wondering if I should still be able to wear lenses once again soon? And when I should try again. I finish my mild steroid prescription drops today, and while I'm aware it's probably a better idea to consult my ophthalmologist about it, I'm not sure I can afford a fourth follow up check-up
##########
24F, teary eyes 4 years, Viral conjunctivitis?
I just came from the eye doctor about my eye that been tearing and watering for 4 years since I moved to the UK now with morning crust and mucus discharge,a bit swollen in the morning and small discharges throughout the day no vision problems.

He told me that I had a nasty viral conjunctivitis because my eyes are irritated etc after examination , and there isn’t much else to do but maybe Steroids, he said that how bad is it effecting you? Alluring that steroids can be hard to get off of and because my vision is fine.And I might be one of those that cant get off of it or start to have eye problems etc…

I told him i need to think about it and look into it because it did sounds scary to be on steroids.

Is there anyone with similar experience? Or used steroids?
##########
28M Sudden trouble focusing on moving objects on the right side?
Hey all

Starting yesterday, I noticed that while driving to work, I was having an incredibly hard time focusing on moving things on the right side of my vision as they get close. For example, if I'm trying to read a sign on the road, look at someone walking on the street, or look at the person in the car I'm currently passing, my eyes simply cannot focus on a single point after the object is in line with my passenger window. I can read/focus on things just fine up until they get close. Then my eyes seem like they can't both meet at the same focus point.

The left side is totally fine, I can read signs perfectly up until they're fully behind me. 

I tested it even further just now: I picked up a bottle of hand soap, held it in front of my face while slowly spinning to the left and right. When spinning left, I could read the label the whole time just fine, but the moment I started spinning to the right, I couldn't focus on or read the label whatsoever.

This has been accompanied by general mild dizziness. As I'm typing this, when I look around the room, I feel very mild spins. I hoped I would be able to sleep it off, and I seemed ok when I woke up this morning, but it's worsened as the day has gone on. I explained this to my retired ER doctor dad, but he had no clue and said I should make an eye doctor appointment.

Does anyone have any clue what might be going on or causing this? I haven't made a single change in my diet or behavior at all. I have a road trip to take tomorrow so if I *do* have to go to a doctor, it won't be until next week.
##########
36 f dot blot hemorrhage
I posted last week about having had covid, leading to viral conjunctivitis and subsequently, feeling like my vision has become significantly worse than usual. Each day has felt progressively worse as far as blurring and double vision so I booked an urgent appointment with the eye doc.  She ran the full gamut of tests and I left with a diagnosis of bilateral keratitis and a prescription for some antibiotic ointment, as well as the advice to use single use artificial tears every 1-2 hours for the next week.  Then, she emailed me tonight stating that, after the imaging was read, she sees that there is a dot blot hemorrhage in my left retina.  She said this should not be impacting my vision but that conditions that can cause this, like diabetes, can affect the vision so she is sending me to the lab. 

I am 36 years old, active, I eat a reasonably healthy diet, blood pressure is on the high end of normal, labs have always been normal.  I do wear glasses, have never worn contacts because I was advised in the past that the prism I need will make it difficult for them to work for me. I do a lot of weight lifting for exercise. I'm just trying to list anything potentially relevant here. 

I'm nervous, it's been really disorienting to have these sudden changes in my vision and now hearing this just makes me scared. She did mention checking for diabetes, are there any other tests I should consider asking? Can this be one of those "incidental findings" that isn't something that I should concern myself with or is this something I should strongly advocate to figure out? 

Edited to add: I do not drink, do not smoke. Once or twice a year, I will use an edible. I've done ketamine and psilo therapy in the past.
##########
15F can vaping damage my eyes
can vaping damage my eyes?

i didnt smoke much, (i quit a month ago),i started vaping 2 months ago and in my entire life i vaped 3 vapes (700puffs each) so thats not a lot. but also around that time i started to notice signs of photophobia, and it just got worse. the point is that its been 1 month since i stopped vaping, and the photophobia is still here!! is there a way that vaping is the thing that caused it?? 

‼️PLEASE DONT SAY THAT A 15YO SHOULDNT VAPE BC IK THAT!! AND IM NOT DOING THIS ANYMORE‼️
##########
41M Questions about Seeing Retinal Specialist for Retinal Tear
Hello!  I’m looking for similar experiences concerning peripheral retinal tears.  I went in for a routine eye exam this week and, after always being told that I had the beginnings of what could become a tear, I was told that it had advanced to requiring the advice of a specialist, and I now have an appointment to see one next week.

From what I’ve heard, this is a serious issue that requires attentiveness, so I’m wondering if laser surgery will be performed at this appointment, or are additional appointments required?  Any comments on the procedure:  lengthy, comfortability, recovery, etc., are appreciated.  Thanks!
##########
20M Night vision Problem
I am 20M and I have a strange problem. During the day, I can see text from a distance clearly, but when I look at the same text from the same distance at night, I experience some sort of double vision. I’m slightly myopic, with -0.5 in my left eye and -1.0 in my right. I am Asian, have normal blood pressure, and everything else seems normal. The issue only happens at night, and even when I close one eye, I still see two distinct images from that single eye. This doesn't happen in the morning. Can anyone tell me what might be going on
##########
37F; At what point is it OK to wear contacts after starting antibiotic eye drops for conjunctivitis?
Exactly what the question says. Once I've started antibiotic eye drops for conjunctivitis, when can I wear contacts again? Dr Google (I know, I know) seems to indicate that I need to wait till 24 hours AFTER the antibiotic is *stopped* before I can wear them again, but my understanding was that I'm no longer contagious 24h after starting the drops, so could I not do it sooner? Only reason I care is because my backup glasses suck (won’t bore you with why, just suffice it to say it’s my own fault they’re not strong enough) and new ones won’t be coming in till next week (likely on Wednesday). However, I am going to need to drive for work, to transport kids, etc this week, which obviously necessitates being able to see well to do that, so I’m trying to figure out how to make that work. I'm not wanting to wear the contacts all the time, just when I need to drive  (once done doing that l'd switch back to the glasses). 

So long story short, would it be ok for me to do wear them just for driving once I’ve been on the drops 24 hours, or am I just stuck waiting till the right eyeglass lenses come in to be able to see (and therefore drive) properly?
##########
18M, Double VISION
I'll make it as short as possible. I was born healthy like any person without any eye conditions. About a year ago it was summer and I started having too much screen time. I started to see a slightly double vision. By that I mean everything I see has a double image of itself with a low opacity right at it's edge especially if it is a white object on a black surrounding. It started getting worse as my screen time increased day by day. Fast forward to last week,  I got checked at an ophthalmologist and I was told that I have eye dryness and they prescribed an eye drop(artificial tear so they say) named, Sodium Carboxy methyl cellulose and glycerine eye drops. Here's the problem, when I got to the refractive check to get a glass for my computer use they said I had a sight -0.5 distance vision(attached) on my right eye but they said my left eye was fine. But actually it was both my eyes. Plus, whether it was from a close range or a long range the double vision is the same. My question here is, what do you recommend me to do?
"*:*:*I've attached what my vision looks like looking at my screen's keyboard"*"*"*;:*Thank you guys so much!
##########
23F Seeing flashes, but nothing abnormal found
Hi everyone

I 23F have been seeing flashes in my eyes for a couple months. I have only really seen them when my eyes are closed, and I am in bed about to fall asleep. They look like shooting stars. They start on the outer corner of my eyes and then travel across my lower eyelid. They last only a few seconds.

I see them in both eyes, but moreso in my right eye. I see them maybe 2-3 times a week. I am moderate myopic. From memory, my prescription is about -3.

I am of middle eastern ethnicity, do not drink or smoke, do not take any medications. I am being investigated for high blood pressure. 

I have visited a retinal specialist who had informed me there doesn't appear to be anything wrong with my eye - no detachment, tear, PVD or inflammation. She performed some thorough tests. I will be seeing her again for a check-up in a few months.

I am just wondering whether it is common to be seeing flashes without any obvious cause. I have been briefed on returning sooner if I see more floaters/flashes or a curtain in my vision, but that is all negative at the moment. My eyesight is also the same (I can see with glasses on). Is there anything else I should be looking out for?

I appreciate I should have asked the doctor this, but my eyes were sore and blurry from all the tests and so it slipped my mind. I appreciate your input.
##########
25 F floaters and flashes
i have high myopia -7 in left eye and -4 in right eye. I have floaters since 2.5 yrs now and since then i have been very anxious about my vision.

A few days back i noticed when i blink tightly i see a small yellow round light for 1 sec only in the bottom of  left eye And when i blink infront of a light color wall i see white branch like flash in right eye. It does not happen when i blink normally or when it's dark or low light . Only happens when there's light and i blink tightly. The right eye only happens when natural light hits the surface and i blink tightly.
Idk if this was happening from a very long time or is new because i noticed it recently.
I also when for dilated eye exam 1.5 months back and the ophthalmologist said everything is fine.
I have been very anxious and i tend to notice every small things and get very scared of retinal detachment.
##########
43 M one eye weaker than the other
I recently had steel shards successfully removed from the white of my eye in an emergency eye clinic. (Amazing people) While I was there the doctor instructed me to look through this plastic thing with a hole in it and read the screen with the letters in ever decreasing size....My left eye was perfect I could read all the way to the bottom. My right eye has always been weaker, so I could only get around two thirds of the way down the list....... Then she flipped down a 'cover' over the eyehole. This cover had a number of small holes in it and when I looked through again with the weak eye I could read almost to the bottom. What witchcraft was this??  .........Also I'm sure I have perfect vision when using both eyes even though one is weaker, I don't understand that either.
##########
34F Can MGD cause daily blurry vision?
I have been experiencing blurry vision for a few months now. When it started it was intermittent, but now it’s daily. i can’t see my phone or anything up close without a magnifying glass. I saw an optometrist and an ophthalmologist. Optometrist said to try readers since my vision was perfect when not experiencing the blur. Ophthalmology said i have MGD, but with excess oil, and was given the warm compress, and eye lid wipes, and drops routine. i did that consistently for a few weeks and i saw no improvement. in fact during that time is when it went from intermittent to almost constant blur. Do i need to just be more diligent about the eye care or should i have seen some improvement by now? how much improvement can i even expect?
##########
54M, Symptoms of possible detached retina?
Hi all,



54 M, wear glasses with progressive lenses, and have the beginnings of cataracts, and high blood pressure.  I don't drink or smoke.  Prescriptions include:

Crestor 10 mg

Benicar 40 mg

Amlodipine 2.5 mg

Flonase (for preventing dizzy spells)



Over the weekend, I noticed a couple weird symptoms, and I'm wondering if these are signs of a detached retina - and whether I can go to my regular eye DR or need to go to urgent care/ER.

Sometimes, when I look to the left by moving my eyes, and then move back to center, I get a flash in the right side of my right eye.  This also sometimes happens when I turn my head all the way to the left; as soon as I start to turn back, I get this single flash.



This could be a coincidence, but it also seems like there's a strip of what I can only describe as a 'very thin curtain' in my right eye that moves with my vision.  It's almost like my glasses are dirty.



I see the flash more often when there's less light; I noticed it at night when driving over the weekend, actually.  I don't notice it in daylight or in a very brightly-lit room.



I haven't noticed any other symptoms. 



I'm kind of freaking out, honestly; I don't want to be blind, and some of the stories about recovery from detached retina surgery seem hellish, so I have lots of catastrophizing thoughts.  Should I contact my optometrist about this and schedule an 'emergency' appointment, or go to the urgent care (or my regular PCP)?  



Thanks in advance.
##########
47M Blood Specks behind right eye
Non smoker
Light drinker

I'm getting many mixed opinions on what is happening in my right eye, so I figured I'd double down and go to Reddit! About 3 weeks ago I had an ear blockage so l looked up ways to clear and the valsalva maneuver came up. I proceeded to try it ignoring the warnings of caution if practitioner has high BP, which I do. So after trying the maneuver, which didn't work a few days later my right eye became strangely blurry, couldn't see texts and screens when closing my left eye. This was concerning so l made an eye appointment just thinking old age was finally making its presence known. I was hoping to get a new prescription. The dr finished the exam and sat me down, with a concerned look on her face. She asked if I had high BP, if I was diabetic? I do have higher BP but I am not diabetic. Blood specks showed up in my right eye and she advised I go to my dr ASAP. She said I should get an MRI. I was freaked, she made it sound like I was about to stroke out. Luckily I was able to get an appt, and the dr set me up with an ultra sound for my carotid to see if that was creating spurts of blood going to the eye, because of plaque I did labs, changes BP medicine and did the ultrasound All levels were good, no issues in carotid, BP is stabilized. I still am having some blurriness in my right eye, After speaking to a few folks they have again gotten me concerned, mentioning things like aneurisms and tumors and brain bleeds. And I'm freaked again. My primary said an MRI is most likely overkill, I have no pain but it is not getting worse or better.
Best way I can describe it is my right eye vision is blurred by random tiny shadows.
 I have follow ups this week and next but wondering if I should push for more testing or thoughts on if this will go away in a few weeks? It's better during the day. it's worse when waking up And seemingly sensitive to bright lights

Any advice helpful please share your success stories!!
Thanks
##########
22F Causes of Intentional Blurry Vision (IBV)/Unfocused Eyes
I've done a bit of research, but a lot of things about IBV were not the clearest or unhelpful.

For context, I read in an article that some people can intentionally blur their eyesigt, but eyes in focus are the default and all context of articles about IBV were about exactly that, *intentionally* and consciously blurring vision.

I frequently have times when unfocused vision feels like the default and this has happened for as long as I can remember. I can still focus my eyes, but it takes more effort than leaving them unfocused. Whay might this be?

Related information

* ADHD inattentive type- some places talked about the relation between ADHD and IBV due to lack of concentration. I'm leaning towards this being at least a contributing factor since the first time I took ADHD medication (as an adult, never took any as a kid) the amount of time with IBV reduced
* I have astygmatism- I saw some places mention astygmatism with IBV but it wasn't clear what the relation was
* I am hevily nearsignted- no idea if this is actually relavant, but I do wear glasses with a strong perscription (Something around -5.75 or -6)

To make the automod happy:

I don't drink or smoke and I just take perscribed ADHD meds. I'm asian.
##########
40F - Large Chordial Lesion and Panicking
A couple weeks ago my eye doctor found a good sized chordial lesson in my right eye and sent me to a specialist.

The facts: For the negative: 6mm wide and 2.4mm high (the biggest risk factor and I have no recent baseline because I haven't been to the eye doctor in a long time). A small amount of fluid.
For the positive: not acoustically hollow, overlaying drusen, and a very large halo. It's definitely been there a while.  I'm otherwise healthy; I don't even drink.

The specialist basically said it's a 50/50 chance of being malignant and gave me the choice to start treatment or wait and look for changes. I opted to wait.

Short story: I'm panicking. Absolutely spiraling. Can't breath, can't sleep, not functioning. Coming to Reddit because I have to go somewhere.

I need advice. Should I just do the biopsy? Just start treatment now? What do I do if this is bad? I'm 40F with kids. My heart is breaking.

Photo:

##########
27M Eyesight test
I got a very thorough eyesight test at a glasses store “Fielmann”, their results were a bit too extreme for what i’m used to 
R -2.25 L-3.00

I went to my ophthalmologist because my lower left eyelid is twitching for a few weeks now and his test was R -2.00 L -2.50

He told me that the store’s test is not correct and that -2/-2.50 is better for me. I wasn’t able to communicate very clearly with him because of a language barrier so he didn’t explain why is it better. 

How is it possible that the measurements are very different? Should I get new glasses with the doctor’s results?
##########
28F; Needle like kind and bubbles
Hello - 28F, Hispanic, I work a desk job. I recently have been getting pin like pain on my left eye, and I constantly feel like I have something pressing down on my inner eyelid (almost feels like when they put in numbing drops but just on that area of the eyelid). I’ve also felt my eyelid wiggle more. While trying to see if I had something in my eye I noticed little air bubbles when I pulled down my eyelid... this has been going on for about 3 weeks now.
Not sure what's going on?
##########
39F Redness from chalazion surgery or Blepha?
Redness from chalazion surgery or Blepha?

I had a chalazion for about 8 months. I ended up for surgical removal. Before that I just had styes and some itching from time to time. So I’m just wondering after a year surgery I still have redness in my eyelied that comes and goes.. so redness it’s not 100% permanent. Also a little eyelashes gap because even they grow up they tend more to fall specially when the redness is also more prominent. They also mentioned in the last appointment after the surgery that was blepharitis. Do you think or someone experienced getting blepharitis after a chalazion? And the chalazion was just the beginning of this stubborn condition? Because my eyes were also pretty healthy and even now I can’t see much symptoms that could case this “comes and goes daily redness”! Any thoughts? 
Thanks
##########
35M If dark mode makes it easier to see what does that indicate?
For a few years now I've found it blurry when I look at a computer screen (only computer screens), despite working a great deal with a optometrist to refine my prescription and even buying new monitors. It'll improve for a few months and then revert back.

Out of a particular sense of frustration tonight I downloaded a plugin that converts any website to dar mode. A big shock was to find that this really helps make it less blurry when I look at websites. Not perfect, but improved.  Since I can't rely on all screens in life being dark mode, curious what I can learn from this and apply elsewhere?

For context I'm 35M, white. Don't drink and rarely smoke weed these days. Never tobacco. Wear DAILIES TOTAL1 contacts, left eye is -6.5 and right is -7.5 with slight astigmatism ( -0.75 / 100), a recent discovery that has made distance vision much clearer.
##########
39F Could these be caused by my dry eye?
I have an astigmatism,  use systane morning and night (at a minimum) if I read white font on a black background I swear my brain almost short circuits, I know that sounds dramatic but it's terrible.  Also the only placed I've noticed this other thing is when I'm sitting on the toilet at work looking at my phone,  the tile is a really busy pattern and it makes it really hard to focus my eyes at all (if my phone is down near my lap) I hope that makes sense.  Could these things be explained away with dry eye, or could it point to something else happening? Thanks
##########
6 weeks post vitrectomy and detach surgery, strange shadow
Six weeks ago I had surgery for a partially detached retina and vitrectomy. They used the 2-month gas bubble and repaired some tears. I'm 61/M and that eye was very myopic (-9.5 pre Lasik back in 2003. Had cataract surgery in June followed by PVD 5 weeks later followed by a tear.), One week post-op checkup, everything looked good. Going back on the 21st for a follow up.

But I'm somewhat concerned about what I'm "seeing," if you can call it that. The bubble has shrunk so it is just a bobbing crescent at the bottom of my vision, and if I look down, I can see the entire circumference, with one black spot in there. 

But persistently since the surgery I have had a shadow at the top of my vision, all the way across but dipping down on the right side. This shadow seems to vary in transparency throughout the day ... when I first wake up or at the end of the night it is almost opaque (although I can see some light through it) ... at other times it's merely a slightly dark blush. I can definitely see as high through the shadow as I can with my unaffected eye. I just can't understand why it is dark sometimes and lighter at others, or if it's anything to be worried about.  It's like a smudge.

I also have what I think is an occasional phosphene in that eye, it looks like a small round blob of light that moves across the top of my vision, or down the sides, but it seems to be confined within that shadowed area, i.e., when it hits where the shadow isn't it just disappears. I think the shadowed area might be along the lines where they used the laser to create scar tissue as it is triangularly shaped at the top of it. 

Otherwise the vision is hazy, a little tinted and definitely distorted (lines bend and, amusingly, it makes people's heads look shrunken). Hoping that just eases up over time.

Wondering if anyone has any thoughts? I am assuming everything is still attached if I have vision to the top, even if that vision is compromised at times. 
##########
22M, a bit of redness in eye
I’ve had this bit of redness/red veins in my eye for about a month now. It happened maybe a week or so after I got an eye abrasion. It doesn’t hurt at all and usually if I throw in an eye drop, the redness decreases a lot. Also, the side of my iris has a slight redness hugging it a bit. I was wondering if this is episcleritis (from my limited research) I can also add a better/different picture if needed, just lmk.


##########
27F permanent double vision and nystagmus - no more options to fix it
Hello, I am desperate to get advice on my options for dealing with my double vision.

History

Surgery for exotropia aged 5

Surgery for exotropia aged 14

I got double vision after the second surgery but did not have it prior 

Surgeon said it was caused by overcorrection 

Surgery for esotropia aged 17. Due to overcorrection it went from exotropia to esotropia. This did not help the double vison and I still have slight esotropia. 

During the period of after the second surgery until just after the third, I had 2 MRI scans and nuclear imaging, all of which was clear 

After this, I got glasses for myopia. Initially only for my weaker eye but now for both eyes

Multiple professionals have tried prism tests, but all the prism seems to do is make my eyes work harder to keep the images separate. 

Most recently (a year ago) I had a botox injection into one eye, which did not help, apparently ruling out further surgery 

My notes from that procedure say I have no ability to fuse and also mention a diagnosis of Manifest latent nystagmus, which no one has ever actually mentioned to me, so I don't know how long I've had that for. 

I have exhausted all options with the top qualified ophthalmologists/ strabismus experts in the small country I live in. I have also not seen any kind of professional since the botox

My double vision is in all positions of gaze and is impossible to ignore, due to having one stable image (the 'real' one) and the other is constantly moving to either side of the stable image. It's almost like it's trying to fuse but can't and is forced apart. On my bad days when I can't focus at all and my eyes are relaxed, the images are far enough apart that everything is blurry even with my glasses. 

I have tried eye patches, which made my eyes feel so much better, but don't want to have to wear them forever, mostly due to sensory issues.

I have also tried stick on occlusion patches, but they aren't entirely effective and I work in a freezer, where they don't stick. 

As far as I can see, my options are

1. Not do anything and continue suffering - I close one eye most of the time, which hurts after a while 
2. Buy eye patches and deal with it 
3. See an optometrist about glasses with a permanent occluded lens. Only issue here is that I haven't gotten a regular optometrist since moving a few years back and would need to find one who would understand all of this

I would also be open to contact lenses to block the image from one eye if that were an option

There's not any point going back to the ophthalmologists, because the botox was the last idea they had, and it's a lengthy process getting a referral and appointment 

Appreciate any advice on which of these options is best or if you have any other ideas. I have had double vision for 13 years now and am permanently tired, have a constant headache and am over it. Thanks all
##########
39M - Does this look more like a stye or cellulitis?
About 5 days ago I noticed a little redness in the middle of my lower eyelid. It grew a little the next day, and more the next. The only thing that came in contact with my eye was a q-tip I gently used to remove an eyelash 

I see a doc on Day 3. Was given antibiotics for pinkeye. These pictures are after two days of the ABX. It’s not getting smaller or larger. It’s identical on day five as it was on day three. I did wake up today with some watery discharge as well as some flakes. My eye just felt very wet. 

No fever. There is pain but it’s from the eyelid, it’s sore to touch. I don’t feel a clear stye but I do see a bump when I look under the eyelid. Last night I had a headache but it’s gone now. Sometimes it feels like something is in my eye, sometimes or feels kinda itchy, but that comes and goes 

So, update:

I went and got checked out again. 

They did not send me home with oral ABX. I was kinda shocked. They said that it’s either a “bad stye” or blepharitis. They said there’s no signs of cellulitis, they basically said “it just looks bad.” At one point, they had pulled my eyelid back to inspect the inside and a little discharge popped out from somewhere.

They gave me an ABX ointment and said to use it with the drops.

I have really bad anxiety, and reading about cellulitis has me pretty fucked up. At least I know what to look out for and will head straight to the ER at any sign of the condition worsening.

I did call the appointment center and they got me into an eye specialist tomorrow. I’m hoping I’m worrying for nothing and this all works itself out. Cellulitis sounds like a nightmare.
##########
34M with flickering patch in central vision
34M, non-smoker, very rarely drink alcohol. I was diagnosed with PVD in February in my right eye and in May, PVD was noted in my left eye. Due to this, I've had an increase in floaters, foggy patches, and the occasional flash/flicker which is what caused me to look into this in the first place. Also have a history of lattice in both eyes, I believe. Eye pressures have always tested just fine. That's the background, but not why I'm making this post.

Recently, I've noticed that occasionally when I move my eyes from an area of relative brightness (window, fluorescent light, etc) to a dimmer area - such as a closet - I will get a patch in my central vision that strobes 3-5 times then stops. When I move my eyes again, it will trigger again. I've noticed that this seems to occur more frequently if I've been out on a walk or have gone to the gym to exercise. I've also tested this to see if it's one eye or the other and from what I can tell, the effect is the same in both eyes. My question is, what is this? Since the effect is both eyes, I've had anxiety about it being brain related, but I had an MRI (no contrast) in March that was clear. Could it be that it's related to the PVD? Perhaps it's the vitreous causing traction on the retina and, despite closing each eye alternatively to test it, the retina is being stimulated and is causing the same effect? The other mystery to me is why it seems more pronounced after physical activity. I've had trouble finding information about this phenomenon and several eye appointments have assured me that my eyes are otherwise healthy.
##########
26F, Cyst like bump 4 weeks after Scleral Buckle surgery
Hello, had a scleral buckle surgery to repair my detached retina about 4 weeks ago. The surgery was fine, the hours after we’re painful when the numbness wore off. I cried pretty hard the first 4 hours after until my husband called the doctor and I got prescribed norco.

9 days ago I noticed a cyst like growth on my sclera, with some redness and inflammation surrounding it. After my initial panic subsided, I scheduled an appt with my doctor that same day. He wasn’t very concerned with the outer appearance of my eye and said the retina was reattached and healing fine.

The cyst seems to be around one of the stitches, and hasn’t changed very much in the past few days. I was under the understanding that healing would take 4-6 weeks but it seems like it will be longer for me ):

Has anyone dealt with something similar to this? Should I be expecting this to subside on its own or is surgical removal the usual route?

History/Further details: White, history of papillary thyroid cancer, i drink/smoke and occasionally use marijuana. 

Photo in comments of when I first noticed it vs how it looks now
##########
40M - Eye still blurry after 3 Month keratitis
Hi all,
I was treated for a keratitis in August with antivirales ( 2 weeks)and corticoids

The pain from light went away but not blurryness
The problem is on the left eye

I went last week to another eye doctor, he told me the virus made some scares, and prescribed me tobramycine for 10 days

He said he had the same case few days ago and it went away but told me he is not sure for me as the guy consulted one month after, and me it's 2 month

So after one week of tobramycine and artificial tears, i still have the issue

I'm still able to read a book close to me, but for long distance it's bad even sign road it's blurred

Am I condemned for vision loss ? Or it can be solvable ?
##########
26M. Cataract developed after hyphema?
I've diagnosed with Hyphema grade 1 after accident at october 1st, they prescripred me atropine and p pred, it's been 3 days i stop taking those, now i've been taking polynel fluorometholone 4 times a day.

[Photo of my eye]( now my pupil still big, i searching online at it seems the atropine effect could be last for a month but my eyes seems have cloud on it, could it be cataract after hyphema? or did i already have cataract at the first place before hyphema? my doctor didn't say much about it, they told me to see them again in a month.  


P.S: I live in country with a bad health care, i can't ask my doctor too much, they just prescribed me some medicine and don't answer my worried if i ask
##########
55F Not sure if I missed a dose of Ofloxacin, what to do?
My corneal transplant was 16 months ago, I had one stitch removed this week and was prescribed Ofloxacin 4 times a day for 4 days. 

I instilled one drop in my eye early this morning, and I think I remember putting a drop in my eye a couple of hours ago but I don’t see it marked in my medicine reminder app. So now I’m not 100% sure that I did take the second drop. 

So what should I do? Assume that yes I did place the second drop in my eye, and only take two more drops today? Take another drop now and maybe end up using 5 drops today? Or maybe I just add an extra dose on day 5?
##########
8M - Left eye blurry spot central vision
My son told us last night that he has a blurry spot in the center of his vision in his left eye only. It is not blind, light can get through, just blurry. He can still see a bit of what the spot is covering. It is always in the same spot and always there. When he is reading a text the spot covers about 2 letters in a word. If he is 10 feet from something the spot is about 1.5” wide. No other symptoms that we’ve been able to discern or observe. His vision is better than perfect in both eyes. The left eye he is still able to read the letter because he says he focuses slight off center so his spot isn’t covering a littler and uses his “side vision”, which I assume means peripheral, to figure out the letter. 
The spot changes shape from a circle to a square to sometimes a line. It also changes color - originally I thought it would change color with whatever he was focusing on but it doesn’t always seem to be the case. For example he focuses on a white piece of paper and will see a purple spot. He focuses on a black and the spot is purple green. But sometimes it does match the color to the spot he’s focusing. 

The spot has not gotten bigger or smaller, or moved. He said it maybe has gotten slightly more blurry. 

The timeline we’ve put together so far (obviously a timeline put together with what a 7 year old says isn’t lock tight - but he has given examples of what he was doing when he saw it for the first time and it lines up with the timeline):
The spot showed up when he was 7, about 1.5 years ago. He said it was sudden and thought it was the sun doing it. Perhaps unrelated, but he had a very mild concussion at around this time from falling off a swing.

We’ve had a visit with an optometrist that was less than useful - the gaslighting and claiming something like that can’t cause reading problems and it’s just a floater. He grudgingly ordered a field vision test but stated they’re unreliable in children. Well, we had the test performed and I honestly think I could have operated the machine better. The tech had no idea what he was doing and I have zero confidence in any results from that test. (We don’t have the results yet). The other tests they did with pictures of retinal and nerve all came back perfect. I cannot find the list of pictures or tests they did at this time. 
They are pushing against us escalating this to an ophthalmologist or any sort of pediatric specialist. 
Looking for any ideas or experiences, especially in children this young, or a specialist title I should seek out.
##########
38m buy glasses with no prescription?
I use rgp lenses, which frequently get irritated because of dust getting in my eyes. I’m thinking about getting some non-prescription glasses to reduce the amount of dust I get in my eyes. 

Is there a good place to get some stylish lenses with zero prescription? Would warby Parker be a good spot or should my optometrist be able to do it cheaply?
##########
40F - ongoing inflammation
Hi everyone, please help!!!

In May I was suffering from an ulcer which eventually cleared. However, since then I have left with very red inflammation in the white of my eye which continues on and on. This was being treated with steroids but unfortunately every time I tapered off the steroids, the inflammation kept coming right back. My ophthalmologist has now put me on Ikervis and I’m wondering, for anyone who has taken Ikervis, how long does it take to work (it says three months online but would like to hear from people who have actually used it)? Is there anything else you can recommend which will help me?

Thanks so much!
##########
30F Seeing a weird half circle line for two weeks now
I (30, female, half Asian, half German) have been seeing a darkish line for the last two weeks. It bends like a half circle and only seems to come from the right eye. It's always there at the same place (also when closing my eyes). It's slightly see through tough and not in the center of my focus but rather lower than that so reading everything is fine but I can still see it. Best I can describe it would be it looks similar to what you see after looking at something too bright and then looking somewhere else and you can still see a "shadow" from at what you've looked before. Similar to that the line is light and not dark anymore if I close my eyes. I went to urgent care and they checked my retina which seems to be fine regarding retinal detachment. They didn't want to check more because I was COVID positive at that time. I've got another appointment end of October tough. 

I've got -5/-6 in general, snowflake degeneration (not sure that's the right English term) on both eyes, Hashimotos and drier eyes in general. I had COVID when the line first occured which was after a nap. No drugs, smoking, injuries or anything like that. My eye also looks completely normal from the outside.

Thank you!
##########
31F What is this in or on my eye?
Photos: 

I have had this thing on my eye for a couple months I think… it hasn’t been bothering me so my ADHD kind of forgot about it. Today I woke up with an irritated eye and see that the thing has rotated when I compare photos from September to now (attached). I’m not sure if that’s related. It hasn’t come off after wearing contacts daily, flushing my eye or wiping with a q-tip. 

I have been overseas and am in the states with no insurance currently, going home in a few days. So I can’t go to the doctor right now. I’ve got medicated eye drops from the pharmacy for the irritation tho. 

I have no existing health issues, I take duloxetine, Vyvance and progesterone. 

Any kind of insight would be helpf
##########
62F - Next Generation Sequencing for Retinal Dystrophy study
Hello, how is everyone?
    
    My mother is 62 years old and she was diagnosed with rod and cone syndrome through several tests such as optical tomography and electroretinogram.
    
    She also has hearing loss that has developed over the years.
    
    I live in Brazil and the information here is very difficult to find, I would like to hire a genetic service to actually identify which defective genes she has and to actually identify which genetic disease she has. Furthermore, I want to follow the research carried out with a certain defective gene so that we can have a little more hope.
    
    Would "Next Generation Sequencing" therefore be the most appropriate method to carry out this genetic mapping? What tips would you give me to move forward?
    
    Thank you in advance.

Painel Genético de Retinopatias
##########
25F: Daily Invisible Eye Pain - Please help me
TLDR: Daily, constant eye pain (1-9/10) for the past six years, resistant to all treatments, with extreme sensitivity to cold, air, and dryness—seeking advice on possible causes or relief.

Images:  


Symptoms:

•	Frequency: Daily pain, affecting ~28/30 days per month.

•	Duration: Averages 65 hours per episode, with brief periods of no pain in between. 

•	Pain Levels: Daily (1-3), Weekly (4-6), Monthly (6-8), Rarely (9). Fluctuates slowly throughout the day.

•	Pain Type: Constant, not sharp or pulsing.

•	Location: One or both eyes; can radiate to the forehead or temple. Can switch sides.

•	Additional Sensitivity: Extreme sensitivity to normal air and cold temperatures, mild light sensitivity, extremely dry eyes, trouble sleeping, discomfort when wearing glasses during pain.

•	When pain is present, I can feel a very very small bump on the corner/back of my eye, but it is not visible
or normally present. May be negligible (View images). 


Relief Attempts:

•	Temporary relief from moist heat (e.g., warm compress, bath, clothes steamer).

•	No relief from OTC/prescription meds, eye drops/gel, sleep, acupuncture, or botox over 12 months. 

•	Multiple unsuccessful prescription medication treatments, including NSAIDs, antidepressants, triptans, anticonvulsants, beta-blockers, and CGRP inhibitors.

•	Lifestyle changes (diet, weight loss, caffeine) and environmental factors (weather, location) have had no impact.

•	No relief from multiple different prescription prism glasses 

•	Physical pressure or massage on eyes provides negligible relief.


Background:

•	Pain started around 2018.

•	Normal CT/MRI scans, eye exams, recent blood test, and allergy tests. No sinus issues. 



Seeking advice for possible causes or new avenues for relief to take back to my neurologist and ophthalmologist.
##########
21F My eyelids have been swollen for a month now, but not blepharitis
It started around the same time I had covid

swelling progression: [ pic 3 is how my eyes look all the time now. Sometimes it gets worse or a bit better, but they are always thick swollen.

It's not red or itchy, just swollen all the time. My eyes do feel dryer than usual

Eye doctor said blepharitis weeks ago, but the swelling is more above the eyelid (closer to the lacrimal glands) [

I already tried: steroid eye cream, antibiotics, allergy medicine and eye drops, basically every home remedy. Nothing worked or even helped a little bit.

I went to several doctors now but everyone is dismissing this, please help
##########
28F Idiopathic elevated episcleral venous pressure IEEVP (or enlarged eye veins that do not get smaller no matter what I do)
Hi there! 28F white, a few drinks a week and will occasionally partake in marijuana- posting about my journey with this disease over the past 2 years. I first started noticing symptoms back in September 2022. I noticed my right eye looking a bit red (enlarged episcleral veins) I brushed it off until 2 months later I realized it wasn't going away. I have had an MRI done, blood tests done, have visited Duke and UVA along with many regular eye dr visits to be told I have IEEVP. I have also gotten preventative laser surgery on both of my eyes since I have open angles (to prevent glaucoma down to the road). My eye pressure was in the 20s I believe. Otherwise, I have pretty healthy eyes according to the eye drs I have seen. Also an un-remarkable MRI as well. I also get extremely bad migraines, pain so bad that I'm crying and begging on the bathroom floor for God to take them away. They seem to crop up every year or every other year in the spring time or the fall (usually May or late October) 2 years ago I had them really bad and I had intense pain behind my right eye, but the headaches came after the veins started showing up. The headaches started senior year in high school. I have to lay down in complete silence and darkness and hold a cold rag to my head/neck. I have found that energy drinks are the fastest source of relief for them.

I have heard from my eye drs that this is a rare thing, and there is currently no way to make my eye veins smaller. Which sucks because I am super self conscious about them and every now and then I get asked why my eye is so red and if I am ok. I essentially have to wait for the problem to get worse before anything can be done.

Luckily my eye does not hurt. Sometimes it is a bit sore after a long day of working behind a computer but never a kind of pain where I need to take advil thankfully. Lumify eye drops do not help and I do not touch any other kinds of eye drops.

This eye has always been my "bad" eye throughout my life. It's always been significantly more blurry than my left eye, I think my prescription in it is like -4.75. I do not wear glasses or contacts (I really should). My left eye is almost perfect vision though so I can see pretty normally unless I close my left eye.

The one thing I find strange, which can be totally unrelated, but I did have Juvederm lip filler 2 weeks before this eye problem occurred. Every doctor has brushed that off though. I had the filler dissolved and nothing has changed including the size of my lips.

I also am tempted to go to Wills Eye Hospital in Philadelphia to get a third opinion, but not sure if it's worth it since I have done (I think) every eye test under the sun.

Not sure if anyone else is dealing with this, or have and figured out a way to help deal with the enlarged eye veins. Will try and add photos so you can see for yourself.

Many thanks &lt;3

Here is a link to the photos of my eye: [
##########
44F-Dark spot found on optic nerve during routine exam- photo attached
Ні,

44 W F, no drugs, no drinking.

Went in for an eye exam yesterday after experiencing recent headaches and nausea and doctor found a "freckle" on my optic nerve.

Photo at Imgur link below.



It wasn't present at last exam.

Doctor said I could follow up w a specialist if I chose to- I decided to wait but now I'm wondering if I should get a specialist to check it out?
##########
24M isotretnoin use dry eye(conflicting doctors opinions )
Hello,

I took isotretinoin for 1 month at 20 mg and then 7 months at 40 mg(i weight 65kgs). During that time, my eyes were mildly dry, but I managed fine with eye drops. I stopped the medication at the end of January this year.

By June, I started noticing my eyes felt dry again, so I visited an ophthalmologist. He diagnosed me with mild MGD (meibomian gland dysfunction) and recommended Fortymox plus ED(Moxifloxacin 0.5% + Dexamethasone 0.1) drops three times a day for a week, along with warm compresses three times a day. After the treatment, I noticed that some of the glands in my upper eyelids (around 4-5) were still capped.

I then consulted a second doctor who specializes in eyelids and dry eye. He told me I have severe MGD and prescribed Tobradex ointment once at night, doxycycline 100 mg once a day, and suggested Miboflow/ Thermoflow sessions every two weeks (which cost $300 per session). After five weeks, he advised reducing Tobradex to every other night and eventually stopping it.

However, since stopping the Tobradex, my eyes have been extremely itchy, especially in the corners, and they feel even drier. Unfortunately, I had to move to another city for my father’s funeral and won’t be able to see this doctor for the next two months. He didn’t measure my intraocular pressure (IOP), and I’m unsure if I really need to continue with these Miboflow sessions, especially since they’re performed in his office.

When I mentioned my itchiness to him, he advised me to resume Tobradex every other day until my next appointment in two months. At the same time, another doctor abroad suggested I stick to basic eyelid hygiene with baby shampoo and warm compresses. I’m feeling unsure and over-medicated at this point.

Since stopping the Tobradex, the itchiness hasn’t improved. What should I do? Should I continue the Tobradex, or follow the eyelid hygiene routine? Any advice would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you.
##########
52F- Optometrist better able to assess inability to tolerate progressives and bifocals post surgery?
I had brain surgery May 2023. One eye no longer produces tears, but I am vigilant about preservative free drops all day and gel at night. Saw optometrist in July, got new glasses the end of September 2023. Started getting migraines about a week after new glasses. I have fixed other factors contributing to headaches. Had my eyes reexamined in February, optometrist dropped my prescription by .5 in each lens. Another slight change in May.

I have not been able to use progressives or bifocals without triggering headaches. I am nearsighted. I currently wear my reading glasses most of the time and switch to distance glasses for driving. 

Would an Opthalmologist be able to help figure out possible solutions or ways to help my vision? My Optometrist just keeps examining my eyes and fiddling with my prescription.
##########
44f Is this just a dumb tiktok trend?
Things like this are everywhere now: 

I agree with what most of the comments are saying, that any object you're looking at shifts when one eye is closed and it never used to mean anything. 

I've had my Opthalmologist (sarcoidosis patient) do a work up for my double vision and they said everything was fine, so despite failing all these, "tests", wouldn't an Opthalmologist specifically testing diplopia have caught it if this was a thing? 

The only reason I'm even wondering if there's anything legitimate to this is because my partner has been having problems academically copying information from one page to another because he misses things. 

He says he just, "doesn't see" all the numbers when he's looking from one spot to the next. 

He's never had more than a basic eye exam. 

Some people are saying the need for prism glasses is assessed on a basic eye exam, others are saying you need someone who specializes in it, while others are saying those "specialists" are making bank on telling every patient they have a problem and need special eye therapy and glasses. 

I'm not sure who to believe at this point and I don't want to pay for my partner to see someone who's just a grifter lol
##########
28F Shaky vision
Lately i have been noticing that when i look at a picture or an object with pattern (ex. Leopard prints, anything with circles) my vision get shaky. Anybody know why it happens? I have high myopia (-6.00) and lattice degeneration. Im not taking any medication. Im unemployed and broke so i cant really go to a doctor right now :(
##########
30M Is my vision just getting worse wearing contacts?
I''ve been wearing glasses ever since I needed glasses, and the degree has been very minor to where I don't really need them unless I'm tired or its night. Well, I recently decided to get contacts, and I was blown out of the water with how clear they are. 

Well, after about 3 weeks of starting to wear contacts (initially 1 week was daily, then 2 weeks were 2 week contacts), I feel like every time I take my contacts out, my vision is worse than before. And even though I clean them daily with Clear Care Cleaning &amp; Disinfecting Solution, I feel like the contacts just start out super blurry, and slowly get clear after an hour. After the 3rd week, I feel what used to be super clear with contacts is now slowly becoming blurry even from the moment I put them on. 

Any ideas?
##########
50F any way to safely speed up vitreous separation?
Started having vitreous separation (early, partial) a week after after a surfing accident earlier this month. Ortho says to limit high-impact activities until it fully detaches. Is there any way to safely speed up the process so I can get back to my sports? (like methodically rotating my eyes around??). Worried when I hear that for some people it takes months or years as my favorite passtimes are surfing &amp; snowboarding. But of course I want to avoid a retinal tear. (Also what is it about these activities that puts it at greater risk and can I even do running or cardio workouts instead?). Caucasian, -4.75 Myopic. Thank you
##########
31M Help with CSCR for over 1 year
31 year old white Male.

 I was first diagnosed with CSCR about a year ago right after I got married (probably due the stress of the wedding time) since then my right eye has been so blurry I can't read anything out of it. Apparently the fluid keeps leaving and coming back so there's no time for it to heal and they think the blurry-ness mite be permanent.

I have cut caffeine down to 1 cup and drink a non stimulant pre work out for the gym. I have stopped all ED meds. I am stopping creatine now at the drs Recommendation, and continuing my TRT dose to the lowest possible while still maintaining normal levels. I am open to but worried to completely stop Testosterone as my natural levels are sub 150 and puts me in a bad place and makes my anxiety depression worse but Idk but open to it if I need to.

Right now we are at the point of waiting to see if the Creatine stopping helps and if not doing the laser. But even that she suggests won't help the blurryness.

Im confused and scared to be honest as reading is one of my only enjoyable hobbies and no longer fun or easy. The gym is the other and I'm reading apparently that can be bad for CSCR as well.
On anxiety and depression medications as well.
Vybriid 20mg a day 
Busprione 20mg a day 
testosterone 160mg a week currently 


I know that's a lot of info. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Stop TRT safety all together and deal with those side affects? Keep on current plan which includes TRT and see how it is in a month and if it's not better Try the surgery?
Anyone with insight is greatly appreciated
##########
32M sunken eyes and eyelid exposure
Hello, I’m a 32 year old Caucasian male. Basically, in the last year or so I’ve become hyper aware of the appearance of my eyes, which have changed a lot since I was a young kid. I think these changes started to occur during high school when I was going through puberty. ATM I feel like my eyes are especially sunken and there is a lot of upper eyelid exposure. I haven’t suffered any significant facial injuries and am not experiencing any vision problems as far as I’m aware. I’ve provided some photos to compare how my eyes looked when I was a kid (9-10), at about 17, and now aged 32. I plan on seeing an ophthalmologist at some stage but I’m just really curious as to what has caused this drastic change in the area around my eyes and would appreciate any insight. Cheers!
##########
35M Eye Blurry After Exam
Went in for my annual exam. I have minor light sensitivity.  They did a retina exam with an Optomap machine, and it took about 10 images prior to getting a "good photo". Afterward, I'm blurry in one eye and feels like I've looked into the sun for too long. Going on four days now. I've called and the response is "we've never had this happen, and we'd like you to come in to dilate to see if something else is wrong". I don't have any pain, or flashes, or floaters. Just blurry and when blinking, I see a white circle representing the circle of the light from the imaging machine. Any ideas?

  
UPDATE: Just in case this happens to someone else. Returned to the eye doc, and they did a different imaging test (Optical Coherence Tomography). That test showed a significant Central serous retinopathy (CSR). Luckily, and hopefully, it'll go away on it's own. Doctors chalked it up to coincidence in the timing of the eye exam and the fluid leak.
##########
35 M Sun accident
In short I'm an idiot. My colleague and I were talking and I mentioned that I don't have a window, but he is lucky to have a window so he can soak up all the sun at work. At which point I turned my head and wound up staring directly into the sun for about two seconds. I locked eyes with that star. Had some after images that slowly faded. I think the risk of permanent damage to the macula is low, but l also can't find any concrete information. It was high noon no clouds in the sky direct visualization of the sun through the window for two seconds. This was 6 hours ago. Eyes aren't red no blurry vision but some eye pain/ discomfort persists. Thoughts on temporary vs more permanent issues developing over the next few days? Take no meds. Wear glasses. Happened about 7 hrs ago. 
Thanks everyone.
##########
39M CSR keeps coming back help
Hey guys, so long story but last december I noticed CSR started in my left eye. I've had it multiple times over the last decade before it was even known what it was, but it was always kept at bay this year until a few months ago. It slowly went away and came back a few times. It was 4 weeks now that it was almost gone, and now yesterday it started coming back. I've been tested for slightly high cortisol levels in the morning, yesterday I had a few teeth extracted so I'm almost confident this is all caused by body stress. What I'm wondering is if the fluid starts to absorb in a week or so and comes back a few weeks later is that still potentially causing more damage to my eye. I've had multiple tests done and so far aside from pigmented cells my vision is fine, no blurriness unless it gets really bad, but my color in the center is permanently more saturated in the eye so I really don't want it to keep coming back. So far this flare up episode has come and gone noticeably these past 2 months but it first started last december but it wasn't ever bad according to my ophthalmologist so we just kept monitoring it. However last few months it came and was noticeable cause only then did I see the weird circle in my vision, and what is weird is if I wait a few days and blink my eyes the circle is still there but the center part isn't dark so I'll see a ring in my vision, or say the circle will be missing half the top corners so I take it that means the fluid is slowly absorbing. The weird thing is when I use to see this big circle in my vision years ago it would just shrink the next day, instead of parts of it slowly disappearing. So I don't get what is going on anymore.
##########
25M, Is 20000K Light Bad?
I installed some LED light strips in my desktop PC for some aesthetic lighting. The Strip is 20000K; pretty much a very bright blue light. Would sitting next to this type of light for long periods (such as 4 hours or so) have negative impacts on my eyes?

No medical conditions and no medication. I wear contacts (-1.5) and do not consume any drugs or alcohol.
##########
6M hyphema and traumatic mydriasis
my 6 year old son suffered a hyphema and traumatic mydriasis

one week ago, my son suffered a hyphema.  they said it was mild. he's been checked a few times and the pressure is still elevated (mid 20s). 

He's on various drops...we stopped the cyclopenalate Friday evening (today is tuesday) but his eye is still dialated a bit.  Today they said it's traumatic mydriasis, which may resolve or could be permanent. I feel sick about it, and there's not really any data to give me the odds that it resolves.  He's still on other drops, including prednisalone....I read that pupil dilation is a possible side effects but the doctor said no.

They said there's minimal pupil response to light.  I definitely see some function, but it's clear his pupils are different.

Anyone have any experience or data? What are the odds that he makes a full recovery? Does he just need more time?
##########
30M close up blurriness after laser retinopexy
I had a laser retinopexy a week ago to treat some lattice/tears, and the doctor told me there was essentially no risk of permanent side effects. It’s been a week, and I can’t see up close out of that eye, and it has trouble focusing mid distance (long distance seems unaffected). It’s like I have to strain to focus. I went back for a follow up, and the doctor told me the laser scarring looks good and doesn’t know why I’d have blurriness but hypothesized that the laser might have hit the nerve that controls the muscle which focuses the vision. Does anyone have experience with this? How long should I expect it to last? No other symptoms but I wouldn’t have done the procedure had I known this was possible. It was supposed to be purely preventative, and now I’m terrified
##########
18F anisocoria + peripheral vision loss
I work as an optical assistant and have previously consulted the OOs I work with, and they have brushed it off as stress/caused by my elongated VDU use. I have noticed anisocoria in my eyes for about a week and ‘blank spots’ in my outer vision. No pain however slight photophobia towards the end of my shifts. Out of concern I took an N30 test on myself and retook it 3 times, each time missing the same spots in the top right quadrant of my right eye. I had a TIA about 2 years ago, I’m not on any medication. Low prescription, (-0.25 sph -0.50cyl). Is it worth consulting an outside OO from another branch or am I being dramatic? Usually when I conduct an N30 on a patient and they have similar results I am very worried, why is no one worried about me? I am west european white and I don’t smoke only vape
##########
4 yr old c/o floating colored dots
Any advice welcome. Back at the end of June my toddler and I weee laying on his bed and he asked “what are these color pimple things” while reaching into the air. I thought he was just overly tired and let it go. The next morning he asked his dad the same thing and motioned in the air. We decided to just kind of keep an eye on it and periodically checked in with him (not too often bc we didn’t want to prompt him or draw attention to something that maybe wasn’t there). More often than not he’d say he didn’t see anything and usually never during the day. Then in August he mentioned again he could see the colored dots when we were laying in the dark again. I covered each eye and he said he could still see them. He said he could see them when he closed his eyes too. 

We saw the pediatrician and she did her assessment and said she wasn’t super concerned but if he complained more we should see an optometrist. He hadn’t said anything again until a couple weeks ago he said “what’s these bubbles” and waved his hands in the air (this was again, turning off the lights and laying in the dark for bed). I spoke to an optometrist who recommended a pediatric ophthalmologist. I just got approval for a referral and they’re booked till February!!! I explained what was going on and they said to call next week and see if any one has cancelled.  I’m stressing. 

Does any of this seem within the realm of normal? It’s so hard to gauge what he’s saying is accurate or actually happening repeatedly. Because, well, he’s just freshly 4. 

What I’ve gathered is- it’s almost exclusively at night, in the dark or with little light. It’s not just when the lights turn off because I’ve waited even 30-60min and asked if he still sees them and it’s yes (again is it accurate I don’t know). It’s both eyes. Open and closed. He doesn’t seem to have any problem with clarity or vision otherwise. And no other super concerning symptoms. Any ideas? Thanks!
##########
29F, contacts s/p cataract removal
I'm aware this is a really strange situation, I have an appointment scheduled with a new eye Dr. in a month and I'm just trying to crowd source some information/ ideas before I go. Due to my strange medical history it's hit or miss if Drs have any idea what might work for me.

Current prescriptions:

Glasses: OD -1.75,-1.0, axis 136, ADD 2.5, OS -2.5, -2.0, axis 0.25 ADD 2.5

Contacts: B&amp;L ultra multi focal for astigmatism OD -1.75, -0.75, axis 140 add HI. OS -2.5, -1.75, axis 20, add HI

PMH: EDS3, DM type 1 (A1C less than 7 since dx 15 yrs ago), ADHD

Medications: Wellbutrin 300mg XR, zoloft 25mg, humalog insulin via pump

Very light drinker (less than one standard drink a month on average), no smoking or recreational drug use. 

I am 29 Caucasian F who had bl cataracts removed 14 years ago, yes you read that right, I was 15. Due to being a teenager I don't have all the information about that surgery/my hx that I would like. I know that I was given monovision lenses with the hope that one would be for distance and one for reading. I know that there were some complications that resulted in me having a stitch in my left eye that had to be removed a few weeks post surgery. And I know that prior to surgery the cataracts had become so dense that in a matter of 2-3 months I went from only slight blurry vision to being legally blind in my left eye and unable to read with either eye.

Post surgery I was given the option of contacts but told I would need reading glasses to see anything closer than an arms length away. I chose progressive lens glasses instead. I've been using progressive lenses since then, but was recently made aware that there are now contact lenses that may work better for me.

I went to a new eye dr only to realize that they were a "remote" practice and the doctor was not on site. They assured me that they would still be able to help me and a whole bunch of chaos ensued. They had me try monovision contacts which worked fine for distance but I could not read at all. I later realized that the dr had written my prescription wrong because he felt I was "too young" to need ADD+2.5, so I don't know if monovision would work for me with the correct script.

I was then given B&amp;L ultra multifocals for astigmatism, they are working to some degree but I am still struggling to read/look at my phone computer. Some days I can struggle through, but after a week I'm getting fed up and have taken to only wearing the contact in my left eye, I can read fairly well in my right.  This has led to decent vision but IDK if I'm wrecking my eyes/ if this is an okay thing to do.

So my question is two fold; first, is it worth it to keep trying with the contacts I have now? will my reading vision improve? or is a week long enough to know its a lost cause? And second, are there other types of contacts worth trying? or adjusting my current prescription? My vision is okay with my glassess but I've recently become prone to vestibular migraines which can be triggered by the darn glasses. I'm not trying to get an answer before my appointment, but I'd love to get some different perspectives and go into the appointment with some ideas in case this doctor just looks at me like I have three heads. I've already poured several hundred dollars into exams and contact lenses that I can't see with. I'm willing to keep trying but if it's a lost cause I'd rather just accept defeat and go back to glasses. Has anyone seen this before? any insight?

If you made it this far thanks for reading
##########
25M I think I have a corneal ulcer
I started feeling some slight irritation Friday night in my eye. It was right after I took out my contact lens so I assumed I had nicked my cornea when taking it out. I noticed a teeny tiny white dot in my iris Sunday morning, which from other pictures/posts leads me to believe it is an ulcer. I've been wearing contacts for years and have always been vigilant about following the rules of sanitation-- I never sleep in them, always wash my hands and the lenses with solution, etc. It hasn't grown, the irritation is on and off, and I haven't experienced any sensitivity to light. I made an appointment with an ophthalmologist for tomorrow, but I'm concerned because it's been a couple of days and the internet makes it seem like it's a matter of life and death. Just kind of wondering what I need to be watching for and if I am okay to wait until tomorrow. Am I just spending too much time reading online and making myself anxious? Any help/advice is welcome!
##########
33 F Is it possible for eye power to change in 3 weeks?
I got LASIK in 2013 with -9 eye power which had regressed to -1.5 in 2021 April. I had a baby in February 2024 and post I stopped breastfeeding in July is when I started noticing visual issues. I went to the doctor who said my eye power has regressed to -2.25 (this was 13 Sep 2024). I also have severe dry eyes. (Average LLT- 30nm) In last 4 weeks I feel my eyesight is getting worse. He wants to treat dry eyes first. Please guide. I’m super stressed. Also unable to wear lenses. Any solution?
##########
29F diagnosed idiopathic intracranial hypertension, no papilledema, new mini haemorrhage on OCT and high IOP
Hi,

I 29F have been diagnosed with intracranial hypertension since April 2024. At the time of diagnosis I had mild optic nerve swelling which has now improved due to lumbar puncture and acetazolamide. I have had many ophth appointments since and many OCTs. No changes/concerns. Short sighted since teen years. Visual fields perfect, colour vision fine. Many floaters since this began. 

Today however, I went in for my OCT scan and was told there was a small haemorrhage in my left eye. I don’t think it’s vitreous. It just looked like a small red smudge. She didn’t seem too concerned and told me to get my cholesterol checked (I don’t have diabetes or hypertension). Can a small retinal haemorrhage ever just be random and heal itself?

Also my IOPs today were 20 and 22 which are on the higher end of normal. Also didn’t seem too concerned, but they have been steadily rising since April. Earliest readings I have are about 13 and 16, and then some at 17 and 19. The test was done in the AM which I’ve heard is when IOP is higher. I’m concerned though I would have thought my acetazolomide would lower it, so I’m unsure how high it might have become without it (earlier readings were prior to acetazolamide).
##########
26M Optician is clueless as to what this is. Any ideas?
These are the results of the scans:


A few weeks ago I woke up and noticed that I had a permanent bright spot in my right eye, in the shape of a thick W shape (can be seen in images). It has a similar look to when you look at a bright light for too long. But it has stayed constant. It just reaching into the centre of my vision, so it it is making it a little hard to focus on anything and read.

I have Ulcerative Colitis. But nothing else as far as I know. Not sure if there could be a link there.

It is worrying me considering that it is very clearly visible on the scans, yet they can't tell me what it might be.

Would appreciate if anyone has any ideas!
##########
19F swollen eyelid
Hello, I am attaching a picture bellow? Does this look like cellulitis or something else? It started yesterday and has become worse today. Noticed some small flakes at the base of my eyelashes but it was only a small amount so idk if that's a sign for blepharitis. 

What should I be doing and at what point should I see a doctor? 

I have a history of eczema around my eyes 

Thank you for the help!
##########
33M I think my new glasses made my eyes weaker
For the past 5 years I've been using Gunnar glasses, which are blue light blocking and have +0.2 magnification because I was getting eye strain on computer and reading on my phone. These worked great for me all this time. 

I went to an opticians recently for my eye test and explained all this to him and he gave me the following prescription (same for both eyes)

SPH +0.25 CYL -0.5

I'm fine with these glasses when I'm actually wearing them for computer work etc. But before when I was using my Gunnar glasses I was able to watch TV and work on the computer for  a few hours without feeling much discomfort. After starting these new glasses I can no longer do this and have started getting worse eye strain when I'm using a screen without them compare to before. I feel like the new glasses make my eyes weaker and I've become too reliant on them. When I was using the Gunnar's it wasn't a problem for me to watch TV for hours without wearing the glasses and not get eye strain, but now with the new ones I can barely to half an hour without them when using a screen. Does this mean my new prescription could be too strong? Thanks
##########
41M - Foreign Object in Eye Socket
Firstly, apologies for the length of this, but I have to explain fully the situation, history and current status. I'm hoping that on here there's an ophthalmologist, or somebody that's been through this before, that can give guidance on how I can get this sorted out.

 

So, I got something in my eye some years ago, not in my eyeball but in my eye socket. I was riding my motorbike with my visor fully up, and something flew into my left eye (again, not internal to the eye ball, just "in my eye", as you would say. This point has confused many ophthalmologists over the years, so I need to stress it). I nearly crashed the bike it hurt that bad. I managed to get home though my eye was extremely painful. I've never had something in my eye that hurt that much before.  
When I got home I did the usual thing, laid my head down on the opposite side of the affected eye, and hope it comes out (by the tear duct, usually works). Despite the pain I actually fell asleep at some point, woke up a couple of hours later and though my eye still really hurt, I could not see anything in my eye (i.e. lifting up the lid and looking around, nothing was visible - I had not done this previously when I got home first as it hurt too much, my eye was sealed shut with the pain).

  
I figured I was lucky, the object was gone, and that the pain I was still experiencing was just due to a scratched eyeball from whatever it was that flew in. It had clearly not been a bug or anything like that, it was sharp and hard, possibly a fleck of steel or a paint chip or something flying up off my bike. A guess, I don't know what it is.

Fast forward a couple of months and I'm dealing with ongoing daily headaches that have been there since the incident. I didn't know what these were, but didn't associate them with the object flying into my eye, as I'd believed it had fallen out that day while I slept. The headaches in my mind were something different.  
Visiting with my doctor I was complaining about headaches and pressure in my skull, ended up getting an MRI checking for a brain tumor. Seriously, I just felt pressure behind the eyes, and this was the path we took.

Results came back, no tumor, great! Also, no explanation for the pains. The specialist suggested it might just be stress. That's fine I thought, I did feel incredibly stressed out.

I tried to get on with life thinking the headaches were just one of those things in life, and that they would go away. The ache was particularly focused directly above my left eye, the one that had the foreign object fly in, though in the first few years I didn't associate the two (occasionally I would debate with myself the slim possibility something was still stuck in my eye, and eventually discount it). Again, I'd confirmed and rechecked many times, there was nothing visible in my eye (i.e. under the eyelids, etc), the object had disappeared and this headache was something else. The motorbike incident happened September 2014.

 

The headaches went on, so did many different doctors visits. None it seemed took me seriously when I said I had something in my eye socket. I had extreme anxiety and stress, heart palpitations so bad (anytime during the day, but particularly at night trying to sleep) that I still can't sleep on my left side at night. I was in bed many nights fully convinced my heart could not last the pace and I would not wake to see the morning. Pure panic attack I now see, and I have now gotten better at controlling my stress / anxiety, though this feeling remains and I still find it hard to sleep on my left side due to the awareness of my heart.

 

The pain I have from the headaches is hard to fully describe. There are muscles around my eye that I should have no business knowing exist, that absolutely torment me all day long, every day. I could feel certain nerves or muscles in my skull around my left eye burning hot at all times, painful to even just touch.  The pain and muscle stress is constant, all day every day. It absorbed my thoughts, there was no getting away from it. Talking to somebody, I'm distracted thinking 'fucking eye hurts', etc. Watching TV, driving, whatever, the pain remains. I used to read quite a lot, though that is harder to do now as my eyes just aren't right. Waking up every single morning, I gauge the level of pain and therefore the level of how shit my day is going to be. There's a certain amount of depression involved in this of course.  
Fast forward a few years, by maybe 2018 I was still dealing with intense headaches every day, and had gone to many different doctors about this. I also had eye problems, the muscles in my eyes, particularly my left one, had seized up and hurt quite a lot, along with the headaches I was getting. The left eye worked somewhat independently of the right eye, being slower to move, and not having the same ability of range of direction (up, left, right couldn't move as far - down is fine).  
  
Separate to the doctors visits and the headaches, my anxiety was through the roof. I was getting very very depressed with the pain, and the eye problems. I have been very suicidal at times. It was very hard for me in the most basic social interaction, as my left eye would not behave itself, it seemed to track differently to the right eye, and this actually caused pain and nausea, and had me extremely anxious and distressed when interacting with people. Trying to maintain a conversation / eye contact while a reasonably intense pain remains in your head and you have to fight both eyes to behave and meet someones eyes is extremely tiring. Alcohol helps, numbed the pain and gave me an escape, so a large portion of my social interactions involved sunglasses and booze, where possible.  
Also, I have a look to my eyes/face that has been described by my friends at best as hungover, at worst crazy. Anytime I met someone and I couldn't hide behind sunglasses I would just tell them I was hungover, whether I'd been anywhere near booze in days.

 

I started getting deep into meditation in maybe 2018, trying to teach myself at home as I couldn't deal with any face to face interactions that I could avoid. Previous to all this I was very much an outgoing person, the headaches and eye problems totally destroyed that part of me.

It was a slow process learning meditation, it took a few years before I was actually any good at it. By 2020 I was quite versed in it, and it did give me some great relief from the headaches, when performed very regularly. I found that if I sat with the pain and focused on it, I could relieve the pain of the upper eye somewhat. Putting in solid meditation of minimum an hour on a daily basis for weeks really worked with reducing the pain in my head / eyes, for the first time in years.

One day in about May 2020, during covid lockdown, where I had finally started getting into serious meditation, I was sitting working on the knot of muscles above my left eye as I usually did, though I was progressed further with dissolution of the pain that I had before. Suddenly I felt something move. Right above my eye, in my eye socket, something small and hard…it felt like it simply dislodged, is best way to describe it.

The pain relief of this dislodgment was immediate and huge. My knotted eye muscles and nerves above my eye instantly, and I mean instantly, relieved of most of the pain and tension. My face muscles relaxed for what felt like the first time in 5 or 6 years. I could feel the object in there, above my eye, but behind the eye lid etc, in the eye socket, behind the fleshy skin that is between my eye ball and my skull. There was something in my eye! It was a eureka moment. I had suspected this for years (I had spent a lot of time thinking about this, it was my main thought pretty much every day for years, it absorbed all others). Finally I felt the little fucker, there was something in my eye, from the day of the motorbike incident.

  
I felt some serious joy with this revelation, finally I had a definitive point to go to the doctors about, I knew what was causing these blinding headaches and eye functionality problems. Though of course it was Covid era and impossible to get to a doctor at that stage, finally I had some hope after years of depression and pain, anxiety and very suicidal thoughts.

Once hospitals began to open up later on in the year I had my first visit with a doctor in the Eye and Ear hospital in Dublin, where for the first time I had a specific point to follow. The doctor did not believe the statement, and put some orange dye in my eye, stated that there was no scratching to the eye ball, the eye is fine. Sent me on my way.  
I tried many different specialists after this, and also started changing my approach. It appears to me doctors don’t like patients, particularly with non-obvious complaints, telling them they know what the problem is, particularly when it is something they can't see. I'm sure they get a lot of kooks and people just looking for attention, and their time is limited. Anyway, not one of these expensive doctors (I was always private, paying cash just trying to get this resolved) ever believed or at least admitted to believing that something could be in my eye socket. Simply cannot happen they told me.

  
I finally got an MRI scan done late 2021, though I know the ophthalmologist that referred me for it didn't remotely (or at least didn't admit to) believe that there was something in my eye socket. I don't know what instructions were given to the MRI team, though they came back with the result that there was nothing in the eye. I contacted the team directly, stated I would give !,000 euros to the person, or the charity of their choice, if they would please just look again, telling them exactly where to look. They responded stating there was nothing there and that was that.  
I must state now, that since the dislodgment in May 2020, the object has been moving around my eye, though staying in the same quarter section of my eye (or at least I have never felt it outside of there). It moves around in the top inner section of my left eye, that quarter circle there, from the front literally sitting on the eyeball, but behind the skin and inside the socket. It sometimes goes to the back of my eye, and I can feel it trapped between my eyeball and the wall of the socket. Though there are minimal to no nerves back there, I can still feel it when it gets caught there, the pressure on my eyeball and the feeling of a raw wound as they object grates between the eyeball and the wall of the socket.

 

Anyway, now the story gets a little bit silly. In 2021, I was working on a construction project in Zaragoza, Spain.  
Zaragoza is famously windy. One day outside on the site a bit of grit blew into my right eye, despite the fact I was wearing safety glasses. This little bit of grit or sand or whatever got caught up in the top of my right eye, though the external part, behind the lid, as things generally do.

Now this really bothered me, but it hurt less than my left eye did every single day. I was very busy in work, so I didn't go to a hospital, I just expected it to come out as things \*generally do.

Big mistake. It spent about three/four days living in the upper external part of my right eye, then…also went behind and entered into the eye socket, and is now living in my right eye socket.

I swear that I am not making this up. The grit in my right eye isn't generally as bothering as what is in my left eye, though occasionally it is actually more painful when it sits directly on my eyeball, trapped between eyeball and eye lid skin.

Sometimes I can't feel it for days and days on end, then it comes forward and sits on my eyeball for a few days. It's grit, a grain of sand or something similar.

 

Anyway, this is where it still stands. I have a foreign object in each eye socket. One is there for about 10 years, the other for 3. Left eye object is flat, feels like a chip or shard of metal / hard plastic. The object in my right eye is rounded with edges, like a grain of sand.

I'm really tired of going to eye doctors and being told that there's nothing in there, and it just can't happen.

I cannot be the only unlucky person this has happened to. There must be medical cases covering this. There must be procedures to fix this.  
If anyone still reading this at this point, I'm really hoping that somebody with knowledge of this sees this post and can point me on a path to resolution.  
If so, I cannot state how in your debt I will be.

Any further clarifications to anything of the above, or anything else, please reach out.

Thanks to all that read this, much love!  
  
Mick
##########
27M Prescribed treatment with Fluorometholone for 4 weeks
I had a redness in my eye that started 3 weeks ago. I started using Synthomycine 5%, Ofloxacin 0.3% for 5 days about 2 weeks ago, and that help reduce the redness.

Since then my vision was still blurry in that eye. I went to the doctor today and he prescribed Fluorometholone 0.1% for 4 weeks, starting with 4 drops daily and reducing that by 1 every week, and Bepanthen 4 drops daily for 4 weeks.

I am a bit worried about starting this treatment after reading about Fluorometholone online, seeing that it could cause glaucoma and other issues if taken for more than a week or two, and other than the slight blurriness my eye is better after the previous treatment.

Am I right to worry? Should I return to the doctor or seek second opinion regarding the treatment?
##########
39M - New prescription - Difficulty when looking at screens
I've been using my new prescription for about 8 months now. Generally the prescription is fine, but I find looking at screens (computer and phone) and especially reading - really difficult. I see the letters fine, but it is like the white background is flickering or is too bright, which makes reading difficult. I've been turning the brightness down to deal with this, but I'm not sure that's the best solution. When I try on the old prescription it feels much more natural and easy on the eyes. 

Do you think the difference in the new prescription might cause these issues? When I went back to the optometrist they didn't have much offer and just said the new prescription is the best for me.

  
Old prescription:  
Right Eye: SPH -4.25, CYL: -1.25, AX: 134

Left Eye: SPH: -3.00, CYL: -0.50, AX: 60

  
New prescription:

Right Eye: SPH -4.75, CYL: -1.25, AX: 140

Left Eye: SPH: -3.00, CYL: -0.75, AX: 60
##########
18M Diagnosed with Epiretinal Membrane
Im 18M and visited my eye doc today itself for a checkup he told that i have Epiretinal Membrane but i have very very slight blurred vission which donot affect my daily activities, im scared of surgeries and im very nervous r8t now im crying frequently and my parents r also very nervous abt it what to do i dont want to get the surgery in my entire life how is it possible, doc prescribed me an eye drop and nxt check up is after 3 months
I want to recover from this plllss help
##########
26F stye pop on my eye
There was a little bit of stye discharge or goo on my eye but it was sitting on my internal eyelid for 30 minutes about five days ago. I’m conflicted about using antibiotic ointment because I’ve already used a lot of antibiotics this year, and I’m worried about the antibiotic resistance too. I mentioned this to my doctor, and she said I might need to use the ointment if the stye gets big. What should I do?
I went to urgent care as well and he said it’s a stye but no need for antibiotics and I should warm compress but at that time the white part in my eye wasn’t there. Yesterday my stye returned or idk. 

I can’t really see an eye specialist because it the weekend. I’ll call tomorrow. 
It’s my first time being worried about this because had them but never had it popped

I feel fine but anxious because what if I get an eye infection out of nowhere

Oh right idk if the stye pop naturally or accidentally too. I gotten it the first day I think and it pop at night.
##########
40M chronic eye infection for six years
It's been six years since I started having this infection in both eyes that varies in severity over unknown reasons. I went to many doctors and they all say the same: I have an eye infection. They prescribe me antibiotic eye drops. I use them and the infection nearly heals. But here's the thing: Once I stop using the eye drops, the infection comes back. Doctors have no solution.

When covid hit and I started to regularly wash my hands, I noticed that my eyes got better. Because of the infection I have to wash my eyes to remove the waste so my hands have to come in contact with my eyes. Since covid I have been using Alcohol hand rubs before I clean my eyes. This habit keeps the infection from becoming severe. Now the infection alternates between mild and moderate. Sometimes I use an antibiotic eye drop before I sleep. But I still have to wash my eyes several times a day.

Consuming caffeine makes my eyes worse. My right eye is worse than the left.

I don't smoke or drink. I don't use drugs. The only other health issue I have is acid reflux. I don't usually take medicine for the acid reflux.
##########
3 year old, swollen left eyelid 6 days after cellulitis of lower extremity diagnosis
Update: We went to his pediatrician this morning, it is cellulitis. They ended up switching his antibiotic as they wanted to give him something strong stronger as they don’t think Keflex is strong enough. Starting him on Clindamycin. He also has Skeeter syndrome, which I didn’t know was a thing, and most likely he got it on his eye from a bug bite that was right under his eyebrow that he itched and got bacteria into. Very thankful for this community and for helping!!

Hello, 3 year old boy woke up Sunday 10/6 with swollen, red, hot upper eyelid that did not resolve after Motrin and Benadryl. Was diagnosed Monday 9/30 with cellulitis of lower extremity (upper right thigh) from a bug bite, has been on 5.4mL Keflex 3 times a day since Tuesday 10/1 as well as Kenalog ointment 2 times a day. 
Took child to pediatric urgent care where the NP said it was an allergic reaction, gave him Benadryl, waited 45 minutes and saw no improved, then gave him dexamethasone and Pepcid, said if no improvement to see his pediatrician. 
With the fact that he’s been on Keflex now 6 days, is it possible that cellulitis could have spread to his eye?
Photos below in chronological order of the day 
10/6 7:30am
10/6 11:00 am
10/6 2:30pm 
10/6 5:00pm

##########
23F weird growth on waterline
So about a year ago (give or take) I noticed a small brownish bump growing on my lower waterline. It didn’t hurt or cause any type of issues so I just ignored it. Fast forward to now, I’m laying in bed watching my fav show and I’m getting tired. I rub my eye and it hurts. It feels like whenever I get a stye. I’m like greatttt here we go. I run to the bathroom to take a look at my eye and I don’t see a stye or any evidence of one coming in. However what I do see is that the brown bump has grown into 3 bumps that are like attached to each other. And that’s what’s hurting. My next step is of course to go to google. And now with the help of Google I have diagnosed myself with eyelid cancer (jk…mostly). It is super odd though. I’ll definitely be going to the doctor but probably not until next week because it’s currently Sunday night and tomorrow I will be evacuating for the hurricane because I live in Tampa (yay!!!). Anyway, had anyone ever seen anything like this? Any idea what it could be? 

##########
27F Right eye redness corner of white of eye comes and goes for months, no vision problems or pain purely cosmetic would like a solution
So I would usually go on walks late afternoons to get some exercise in and I have done this for years, Earlier this summer one morning I woke up and a part of my eye was just red without any serious symptoms besides being a little dry in the morning then getting better and for two weeks it would clear up but then move to the next eye, I looked up that maybe my eye was sunburned so I started walking with a hat and sunglasses on, I would stop walking entirely mid summer except for one day a week because it got too hot and work was too much to keep it going. So my eye cleared up after it acting up like that for months.

Now recently since its not as hot anymore I have been walking 3 times a week instead of 1 with my hat and sunglasses on. But two weeks ago it returned on my right eye. again stopped walking entirely and took two weeks to clear up and then was fine. It returned again tonight just going out for one day and I am at my wits end. I don't know what to do. Can I just not go outside anymore the way I want to? What other things can I do to stop this.

Is it something else besides eye sunburn that I am missing? I take my blood pressure when this happens and its not high enough to worry about. Is there a kind of eyedrop I should be taking that can help? Thank you in advance.
##########
33F - white bump inside eyelid
I’ve had a small white bump just below my waterline on the inside of my eyelid that’s been there for about 2 weeks. I’ve been doing warm compresses several times a day. I thought maybe it was a stye but it doesn’t hurt. Found it only because it felt like I had something in my eye one morning. I haven’t felt anything since though— it’s not protruding really but is just under the surface of the skin. Any help or suggestions would be helpful. 

Picture isn’t great but here it is: 
##########
15M: I couldn’t see the middle column of a vision test.
I went to get a drivers permit and to get one I had to pass a vision test. There were three columns each with three separated yellow boxes that had three numbers in them. 
    On the left and right columns I could easily read the three numbers in each of the rows (with help from glasses). But in the middle column there weren’t any numbers, just the three yellow boxes. They told me that there were numbers there, but I didn’t see anything. Just the three distinct yellow boxes. Because of this, I couldn’t get my permit. 
       So, does anyone know why I couldn’t see the numbers? I feel half convinced that there weren’t actually any numbers there and that something had gone wrong with the device they were using.
##########
23M, Prescribed glasses for working in front of a PC
Hey everyone,
I'm a 23M who spends 10-12+ hours a day in front of a computer for work. Despite the long hours, I've always had practically perfect vision, with only minor issues like dryness and itchiness occasionally. I use eye drops when needed, take breaks to look at greenery, and generally try to take good care of my eyes.

Recently, I switched to a highly respected ophthalmologist. After dilating my eyes during an exam, she noticed a very small dioptre difference—about a 5-10% decrease in clarity when reading the tiniest letters on the chart. She recommended that I get blue light blocking glasses with slight dioptre correction.

I got them, and while they feel okay to wear, I don't notice a significant difference—it might even be placebo.

Here's where I'm conflicted:

1. **Skepticism About Blue Light Blocking:** I've read studies suggesting that blue light blocking glasses might not be as effective as advertised, and the benefits seem inconclusive.
2. **Advice from a Retired Ophthalmologist:** A family friend, who is a retired ophthalmologist, mentioned that using glasses for such a slight correction could lead to my eye muscles atrophying, potentially worsening my vision over time. This makes sense to me since I've been fine without glasses despite heavy computer use for years.

**My Questions:**
- Should I continue wearing these glasses, or could they do more harm than good in the long run?
- Has anyone had a similar experience or received similar advice?
- Are blue light blocking glasses beneficial, or is it just marketing hype?

*Here is the AI translation of my doctor's notes, the numbers look correct*

Visit reason: Coming for an ophthalmology check-up. Diopter check and occasional lower eyelid twitching. "Healthy," no allergies to drops or redness.

Visual acuity (VOD): 1.0 (Right eye)

Visual acuity (VOS): 1.0 (Left eye)

Manifest refraction:

Right eye: -1.00/-0.50 AX 150
Left eye: -1.00/-0.50 170
Near vision (VOU): Jaeger 1

Intraocular pressure (IOP):

18/18 mmHg (measured with a non-contact tonometer)

PP: Pupillary reaction normal

CPC: Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) shows normal posterior pole and no abnormalities.

Diagnosis:

Blepharitis anterior, seborrheic (inflamed eyelid edges, sebum-related)

Clear conjunctiva, reactive pupils, no accommodation issues, transparent lenses.

Cycloplegia: Applied Cyclogyl (1%)

Rod cells: +1.25/+0.50 70 0.8-0.9

Fundus (FOU): Optic disc clearly defined and flat, retina normally colored. No signs of retinal bleeding or fluid buildup.

Macula and small blood vessels are narrow, starting to show hard exudates on the periphery of the retina (retina is otherwise normal).
Diagnosis:

Myokymia (involuntary muscle twitching)
Blepharitis (anterior, mild)
OUH 15 (Note: possibly referencing a grading system)

Hypermetropia latent: OUH 52 (Possibly referring to slight latent farsightedness)

Therapy:

Glasses correction recommended for protection when working at the computer
Prescription for a narrow pupil

Appreciate any insights or personal experiences you can share!
##########
37M Superior oblique muscle
Hi there, 
I've been struggling with headaches and eye strain for a while now and have tried so many things however get no/little help from professionals. 
I've noticed that when I press my fingers into the corner of my eyes near nose, the muscle/tendon I believe is the superior oblique is larger and more tender on the eye I get the strain with. I also noticed that when I look down and out, the muscle exposes more and can feel very tender on that side.
Is there anything I can do at home that helps ease the pain/inflammation? I'm on the waiting list to see an eye doctor but could be a while so looking for advise which might help in the meantime.
##########
23F pink eye or stye?
This morning i woke up with my eye pretty swollen and tender, assuming it was a stye. As i went about my day, my eye got very watery, itchy, red and even more tender. Do you think it is pink eye? Any advice? First picture is morning, second photo is later in day. TIA


##########
29F Vascular Malformation?

I’m a 29F and I recently had my eye exam with my eyes dilated and pictures taken as usual. This time my doctor found this strange looking mass. She was not sure what it was so I was referred to a specialist. 

My symptoms/medical history: occasional floaters, inter-cranial hypertension, multiple sclerosis, chronic headaches behind the affected eye.

Any help identifying what this thing could be before my appointment is appreciated. My doctor had me kind of freaked out.

Thank you!!
##########
8yo with eye rash and pain - outer corner of eye
My daughter woke up with a small rash around the outer corner of her eye and said her eye hurts when blinking “hard.” She has no other symptoms - and it seems localized to just the one eye. Her vision is fine. Any ideas? I tried to post a pic but couldn’t. Obvs I’ll take her to be seen.
##########
32F - Grey/white flash or pressure point when moving eyes left to right
When I move my eyes left to right there is a small grey/white flash like thing that pops up in my line of sight and goes away. It’s not a floater, I have floaters it’s appears more like something when you put pressure on the corner of your eye 

I also notice that when my eyes are closed I “see” bright reddish orange ish circles in the corners of my eye 

I also have noticed throbbing in my nose area

Is this normal or something to be concerned about? I have seen an optometrist about 4 times this last year due to lots of eye phenomenon and one doctor said it was vitreous detachment which is normal part of aging but this is all new and kind of scaring me hesitant to go again just for them to tell me I’m fine 

32 Hispanic Female. Only taking iron b and vit d supplements
##########
37F Elevated Lesion Concern
At my last optometrist appointment a week ago after having my eyes dilated, she said that she was giving me a referral to see an Ophthalmologist. She informed me of white spot  in the back of my right eye but she could not give her opinion if it was a tumor or not. 

Below is the note summary, do any of you know what this means? It’s got my mind all over the place and I’ve played Dr Google too much 
BTW my specialty appt isn’t until November 19th 

***Notes in question: 
“White elevated lesion in post pole about 1.5 DD inf and slightly nasal to disc with vessels coursing across it. OD R/o gliosis or other retinal lesion”***

About me: Caucasian, green eyes, medication Sertraline for depression, substance abuse Alcohol, have high blood pressure, unknown family history of medical issues involving the eyes. 

Thank you in advance!
##########
0M Ofloxacin on a ten-month old baby
Our toddler has been sick and got something that her doctor said was either viral or bacterial pink eye. She gave us a prescription for Ofloxacin and said we could also use it on our ten-month old since he was starting down the same path. My daughter’s eye cleared up on its own but then my baby woke up with his eye shut and swollen so I picked up the drops today. Checked on dosage with the pharmacist since it was my daughter’s prescription and she told me how often and how long to use it. Then I just randomly read that it’s not recommended for infants after giving him two doses. First, what gives? Why did two medical professionals tell me to use something that I shouldn’t be using? And second, he’ll be ok, right?
##########
44M MRI fluid sheaths
So I had blurred  vision for past month and a half...finally did brain and orbits mri brain was clear but orbits got this result:

1. Prominent optic nerve sheath fluid bilaterally with possible mild flattening of the left posterior globe at the optic nerve insertion site. Correlate with ophthalmologic exam.

2. Otherwise, normal MR of the orbits.

Still waiting to have this assesed by my optho...can someone please pitch in what I'm looking at here and how urgent is this.
##########
21F, eyelids have been swollen for 3 weeks now, please help
Pic is before vs now: [

My eyelids are not red or itchy, just swollen, and the swelling happens mostly above the eyelid (close to the lacrimal glands). It feels so much thicker than it used to be. The swelling gets worse and better throughtout the day, but it's always there. My eyes feel dryer than usual also

It started the same time I had the flu (happened one time before too, but never before)

Eye doc said that my oil glands are clogged, but kind of dismissed my concerns and said that it will go away (it didn't). It's not an allergy, I don't have any allergies or other symptoms
##########
10,F-preseptal vs orbital cellulitis
My 10yo daughter started rubbing her eye yesterday morning and by lunchtime the school called me bc it was inflamed and red (upper and lower). The conjunctiva was pinkish but nothing oozy, just a lot of tears coming out. We went to urgent care where she was diagnosed with preseptal cellulitis. She has been on augmentin since last night. This morning the redness had dissipated, the conjunctiva is white, but the eyelids were more swollen. She complains of pain when she moves her eyes and says vision in her affected eye is “paler” than the other eye. Should I take her to the ER?
##########
29F saw an Ophthalmologist about surgery &amp; they rushed me. Trying to determine if surgery is worth it.
Unfortunately there’s a doctor shortage where I live so I understand they are really busy and I dont want to bug them again if I don’t have to. For context I waited a year and ten months to even be seen, and if I get surgery I’ll be waiting potentially up to another year. 

I have a cyst in the skin just under my lower eyelid. It grew slightly every month up until September of last year, and now it’s fairly stable. It’s probably like 3mm across and kinda bulgy at this point. Other than appearance it hasn’t bugged me at all. No pain or anything. I mostly wanted to ensure it wasn’t nefarious, and if the circumstances were right I was considering having it removed but not if it risked eyesight or nerve damage. 

During my appointment the Dr rattled off a bunch of info and didn’t really let me ask a lot of questions. She said we were “getting lost in the weeds” when I asked just a few questions. But she said the surgery would be really far off so I’d have time to think about it, but I don’t know what to think about when I’m not really sure what’s happening 

She said there’s always a risk of blindness with any surgery near the eye but it’s really low. She said I’m more likely to experience blurring, the eyelid folding down, or a permanent numb spot on my eyelid. Nerve damage is one of my concerns so I asked about it and she said they would be cutting through nerves so there’s a chance, but the nerves don’t affect anything functionally. I was also a bit worried about the eyelid folding down, but she said that can be repaired with a skin graft… which doesn’t sound great to be honest. I asked if there’s a risk of nerve damage from leaving it and she said the bump would have to be huge for it to cut off nerves. She said it’s hard to tell what other risks of leaving it would be until they remove it to see what it is. 

She did say that she’s almost certain the cyst isn’t anything like cancer but they can’t be 100% sure until they remove it and biopsy it. She said if I’m worried about complications and the cyst isn’t bothering me then we don’t have to do the surgery until it potentially does bother me. 

At this point in time it sounds like there’s more risk than reward with surgery since the cyst doesn’t bother me at all and it’s fairly small. I don’t really want to mess with something and cause issues, I think I’d rather wait until there is an issue because then it makes more sense to take such a huge risk such as blindness, no matter how small a chance. 

Any advice would be appreciated! Has anyone experienced this? Are the results typically good? Am I overreacting? 

Thanks in advance!
##########
39M - anything to be concerned with? focus issue and lots of specs I don't recall always being there - are they bleeds?
I’ve had a small bleed in my right eye that’s been there for a few years, it hasn’t changed at, but it’s always there when I get my eyes tested.

My eyes test fine but lately I’ve been noticing myself closing my right eye in order to focus on text on my phone or PC screen. Today I tried to play a game on a PC (first person shooter) and I found myself again closing my right eye but almost finding the amount of visual information too much to take in.

I had a look at my eyes after this and I always had like a spec but they seem different to me - is there anything to worry about in these images? I don’t recall there being all of these little specs. Are they bleeds or something else?

[

I’ll be booking in to get my eyes looked at again but wanted to get some idea if there’s anything to potentially be concerned about or point out at any appointment I make as the usual eye test I had a few months ago was fine.

Appreciate any input.
##########
29F Am I having a retinal detachment?
Age and sex: 29F 
Race: White
Primary Complaint: Weird sparkles of light
Duration: over the last couple weeks, maybe once every few days except it happened yesterday AND today
Prescription: None
Existing medical issues: Lattice Degeneration
Medications: Adderall 10 mg daily (I don't take it every day though, maybe 3 times a week)
Drink/smoke/drugs: vape only. 

More information and background: 
Basically at the beginning of this year I got a big floater in my direct line of vision in my right eye. It was annoying but I just thought it was a normal part of aging. Then in July/August I started getting quite a few more floaters in both eyes so I was concerned and got an appointment with a retina doctor. This appointment was around august 15th. 

He examined my eyes and and discovered I have lattice degeneration in both eyes. My right eye is worse than the other, with degeneration of the lattice (idk if this is the right terminology) 270 degrees around it. I think he said I already have scarring around a decent portion of the holes in both my retinas. In the right eye there was a retinal hole that was larger than all the other ones as well with scarring around it. 

He said I have the option of doing a laser thing to kind of reinforce these areas or I could wait a year and come back and see how things look and if it's getting worse. He said that there wasn't really a wrong choice and didn't seem too concerned about the situation. I think he would have been more adamant if it seemed like I was really in danger of my retinas detaching, and I think he said there was only a 4 percent chance of that happening. 

Current situation:
A couple of weeks ago I saw a SUPER tiny (like a pen point) sparkle looking thing in my vision. It lasted so short of a time (like a split second) and was so small that I couldn't even decide if it was real or not. This started happening maybe once every 3 days, and each time was so brief and small that I thought maybe I was just imagining it (I have a lot of health anxiety so I wasn't really sure if I could trust myself). It happened last night. Then this morning at work I saw another one, except this one was different. It was more of a small white squiggly that moved down a little bit in my periphery. It lasted a tiny bit longer than the sparkle ones, but still a very short time. 

This scared me quite a bit. It doesn't look anything like the flashes of light that I saw online when I tried to look up flashes of light for a retinal detachment, so idk if this is related to my lattice degeneration at all or if it's something else?? I scheduled an appointment with my doctor for Monday, but when explaining the situation to the lady on the phone she said it should be more of a constant thing and didn't seem at all concerned. So idk I feel kind of bad like I'm wasting their time and resources when it could be nothing. 

Please help.
##########
35F odd experience during DMV vision test- am I partially blind? truly bewildered
Yesterday I went to the DMV to renew my license – it's been about 15 years or so since I physically went in to the DMV for a renewal, so I had to get a vision test.

Here in Florida, we use a vision test where you place your face up against a viewer lens with (what I believe is) a partition inside to isolate the vision of each eye.

The DMV employee asked me to read Line 5 – sure, no problem. Then she says, "Can you finish reading Line 5 for me?" And I realize that there are not just two panels of letters; there are three panels of letters.

I look up toward the first 3 Lines, and I can see there are letters in all three panels. But when I get to Line 4, I can see the left one pretty well, the middle row is okay too – except the right row appears to be a blank panel without any letters at all.

She tried to increase the backlight of the viewer. She gave me 6-7 opportunities to read the letters. I squinted and pressed my face harder to the viewer, but I could only see maaaaybe vague squiggles where I was being told there whole printed letters.

It wasn't just a matter of "I can't read these letters because they're blurry."

It was "what letters?"

I'm obviously going to go to an eye doctor at some point... I have to if I want to get my license renewed, anyway! But I've been a little anxious about what this might mean for my overall vision and eye health, and was hoping the good people of Reddit could do me a solid and help me solve the mystery of the missing letters.
##########
24M Issues with left eye focus and light sensitivity after TransPRK on right eye. Should I ask my eye clinic about operating on my left eye?
* **Age:** 24
* **Sex:** Male
* **Race:** Asian
* **Primary complaint:** Difficulty focusing with left eye, particularly in low light and with blue light, after TransPRK on my right eye.
* **Duration:** Ongoing after recent surgery on the right eye (TransPRK) on May 22, 2024
* **Existing medical issues:** None, no history of vices (no smoking, drinking, or recreational drugs)
* **Current medications and doses:** Artificial tears for the left eye, used regularly throughout the day

**Details:**

* **Left eye (untreated eye):** I can see far details like the horizon and power lines, but when looking through a window screen, the screen and distant objects (horizon, powerlines) seem to merge together. It’s also harder to focus in low light, and blue light seems to spread, while red light seems normal. I need to blink a lot and use artificial tears to get a clear image.
* **Right eye (after TransPRK):** Vision is significantly clearer and sharper, especially at long distances. When looking through the window screen, the screen almost disappears, and I can see far-off details effortlessly, without needing to blink or use artificial tears. However, red light now seems off, and blue light looks fine.

I just noticed this difference in vision after my right eye finally became clearer than my left eye, as I had been wearing prescription glasses due to my right eye's poor eyesight before the surgery, which was caused by myopia. They didn't operate on my left eye because it wasn't severe compared to my right eye.

**Questions/concerns:** Is this difference in light sensitivity and focus between my two eyes something that I should expect post-TransPRK, or could there be an underlying issue with my left eye? I’m also curious if this merging effect with window screens is common. Should I be concerned about the light sensitivity or continue managing it with artificial tears? Should I ask my eye clinic about the possibility of operating on my left eye?

**Photo Illustrations :** [ alt: [
##########
30M right eye vision drops during stress/panic
Not sure how to describe it. This has happened to me twice so far (within a month) both times I’ve been worried/panicking it’s something serious I.e stroke. 

My right eye visually ‘drops’ if I looked at someone’s face their left eye would be 2 inches lower than their right - only lasts for a short period of time. 

I’ve had MRI and eye scans at hospital and both not a problem. Specsavers found chronic dry eye and supplied drops. 

The only thing I’ve found online is, ‘oblique diplopia’ but what I’m seeing is not double vision. 

Any ideas?
##########
21M constant eye flashes in every bright surface
For the last 2 months, whenever I'm in a bright room or outside during the day, I keep seeing huge arch shaped flickering flashes on bottom of my vision. I've been to a opthalmologist and he said he couldn't see anything on my retina. Also he said this could be because of vitreous tugging on retina but these flashes only happen during when there is light or if Im looking at a white surface. 

This really affects my vision and literally drives me crazy, I've been looking all over the internet and I couldn't find a person with same thing, feel like I'm going blind.

Poor animation of what I'm seeing: 
##########
36m vitrectomy surgery question
I'm experiencing severe diabetic retinopathy and have a vitrectomy surgery scheduled for early november. One of the symptoms of my retinopathy is slight double vision while both eyes are open. With one eye covered the double vision disappears. From the pictures and ultra sound, the doctors have not determined that I have a detached retina, but the right eye (surgery eye) is too difficult to see into to be completely sure. The Doctor said that he will check to see if the retina is detached while performing the surgery, in which case he will insert a gas bubble which will drastically change the recovery from the surgery. 

My question one: Is the double vision I'm experiencing a pretty sure symptom of a detached retina? Should I go into this surgery expecting to get the gas bubble? If so, I'm going to need to rent a massage chair for a couple of weeks so that I can stay/sleep face down for 50 minutes per every hour. Money is tight and I really can't afford to rent this equipment. 

Question two: aside from renting a massage chair are there any other less costly ways to manage keeping my head facing the floor?

Thank you in advance any input.
##########
37M No add power on prescription for first time in life
I've been wearing glasses since I was two. I am a +4.5 in both eyes and have accommodative esotropia/strabismus in my right, which I was patched as a child for. For as long as I can remember my prescriptions have included an add power of +2.50 and I have worn either bifocals or progressives at a significant cost. I believe I may also have had prism as a child, but just can't remember.

I recently went to a new optometrist who confirmed the +4.5 but for the first time in my life did not include an add power and suggested I would be fine with single focus lenses. He also recommended I do vision therapy at an affiliated clinic to improve the esotropia and binocular vision. I filled the prescription and have been wearing the single focus lenses for about a week now. I'm shocked by the lack of distortion, but am also having a lot of trouble focusing at near, especially without the eye turning in, leading to headaches. 

So what's going on here? Is it possible I'll adapt to the new lenses and gain the ability to focus at near without an eye turn? Is the optometrist thinking that my esotropia should be addressed by vision therapy instead of multifocal lenses? When I asked him he suggested that I have the ability to focus with the +4.5 correction, so don't need progressives to focus for me. Does this make sense? I have also read some very critical literature of vision therapy. Can it even help accommodative esotropia? I would love to stick with single focus lenses if I can, but I'm not sure I'll get used to them. He also won't refer me to an opthalmologist (which would have no cost) for testing to determine if vision therapy is a viable treatment option for me. Instead I would have to pay out of pocket for an assessment at the affiliated clinic in addition to each treatment session. Am I being paranoid about this?
##########
49 F retinal detachment aftermath questions
Hi! This is my first-ever Reddit post so plz forgive me for any errors!

At the end of June I suddenly had a ton of new floaters that looked like black pepper, peripheral lightning flashes, and what I now know was a “Weiss disc.” My insurance only covers ophthalmology in an emergency so I went to my optometrist. She did a dilated  exam and said I was fine, come back in a year, but go for emergency care if I see a dark curtain descending.

One week later I woke up to a small black blob kind of jiggling in my lower peripheral vision. This didn’t seem like what the optometrist was describing. I spent a day finding a good in-network ophthalmologist and talking to my insurance company, then set up an appointment for the following afternoon. The original time they gave me was a bit too close to the time I pick my son up from school, so I was able to reschedule for two hours earlier.  

The next morning the blob was bigger, I still worked for a few hours (WFH desk job at a computer), but by the time the ophthalmology imaging was taken the retinal detachment was almost past the macula. They did pneumatic retinopexy, then I came back for two rounds of (what seemed like very intensive) laser photocoagulation. The ophthalmologist said I had two retinal tears likely related to a peripheral vitreous detachment interacting with some lattice degeneration. I’m myopic, which I understand is a risk factor, but not severely (glasses Rx is -3.25, I believe).

Now it is three months later. The floaters aren’t as bad anymore, peripheral vision in low light is much improved, but I went back to the ophthalmologist a week ago in a panic because I had a few new black floaters and like dim vibrating light in the periphery when I close that eye. He said it all looked fine, come back in six months, but he asked how in the world I can stand having so much gunk floating in my eye. It is tough, for sure!

My contact lens prescription for the past year is supposed to help with age-related trouble seeing close up, so one eye is -1.75, the other is -3.25. But I’m having a hard time doing my job some days - text on the computer screen is blurred sometimes, maybe by the Weiss disc and/or general haze. It sounds crazy, but it seems to get worse when I’m under stress, and my job is super stressful lately, 8hrs/day reading from a screen plus blowback for not meeting deadlines lately etc.

Could a new contacts prescription possibly help me? Like, maybe some of the blurriness is due to some structural change, not just the gunk/haze? 

Also, does the optometrist have any liability for missing the tears and lattice degeneration that led to detachment one week later, or for not mentioning that sometimes a descending curtain might look like an ascending blob, or is that all understandable? 

I really like her, but my eye insurance only covers one optometry exam per year and paying for a second one out of pocket just because my retina suddenly fell off a week after the first exam isn’t sitting quite right at the moment. If I were to ultimately wind up with the dreaded proliferative vitreoretinopathy and a new detachment, what then? Could this all have been prevented by catching the tears a week earlier - the ophthalmologist said if I’d gotten there an hour later it would have been macula-off detachment and likely permanent vision loss. 

Or is this the price of my ignorance, or caring too much about medical expenses, or maybe it is all just an unfortunate thing that happens sometimes?

Sorry this is so long! The ophthalmologist also joked(?) that retinal reattachment can give some people PTSD and I don’t doubt it. Thanks in advance for any insights!
##########
22F Gf has light shining through her eye
So I was looking at my girlfriend's eyes and I noticed that at a particular angle an area next to her iris, almost touching it, looks see-through (like a small circle). It looks like light is shining out of it and it has an orangeish tinge. She's been told that she's at risk of glaucoma in her other eye. I've searched the Web and I'm not sure what it is or if it's fine and just a irregularity. 

She doesn't take anything and rarely drinks.
##########
18F, found bump inside right eyelid.
18F I woke up this morning and noticed my right eye feeling slightly irritated but thought nothing of it. I went to rub it tonight and it felt irritated/sore. I then noticed a bump inside my right eyelid. What could it be? my birthdays soon so hopefully it just goes away:( 

here’s pictures 


##########
26F very brief eye twitch after warm shower that sometimes leaves the eyelid droopy for a few seconds?
Is it normal for an eye twitch to briefly cause your eyelid to droop?  This person’s situation was very similar to mine:



I have been tested for myasthenia gravis (negative), had a clear MRI with and without contrast 8 months ago, as well as a clear CT and CTA scan 8 months ago. I got the scans due to a few-hour-long episode of binocular diplopia — two ophthalmologists suggested this was an accommodative spasm due to uncorrected farsightedness, extreme stress, fatigue, and eye strain. The neurologists agreed. 

I have severe health anxiety and do not drink or smoke. I am going back to the eye doctor but the wait list is so long I figured I’d ask here while I wait. I’m planning to ask about ocular myasthenia at this visit, as well as a second bout of binocular diplopia that occurred under similar circumstances as the first (onset linked to periods of great stress, fatigue, poor sleep, and eye strain, and resolution with relaxation, deep breathing, and sleep). I am wondering if I  have BVD or a gentle form of intermittent strabismus, which my biological uncle has. My greatest fear is that this is a brain tumor, despite my negative scans — but this is a bit off subject from my initial question (I’m sorry for the essay! Can you tell I’m nervous lol). 

Other info. I’ve been in therapy for my anxiety and take 12.5 mg Zoloft daily, as well as vitamin C + Iron due to anemia from blood loss (sigh). I have TMJ and exercise regularly. 

Thank you ❤️
##########
40M: Upper Left Eyelid Twitching – Should I Be Worried?
Hi all,

I’m a 40-year-old with no major medical history, but I do suffer from health anxiety. For the past few weeks,, my upper left eyelid has been twitching on and off. It’s not painful, just annoying, and I can't help but worry if it’s something serious. Has anyone else experienced this? Should I be concerned, or is it likely something harmless? Any advice would be appreciated!
##########
24M Is this a stye or sebaceous carcinoma?
I've had this growth for a few months now. Initially it was two, one underneath eyelid and the one outside but after warm compresses, the one underneath disappears but the exterior one still remained. 

It used to have a white head but now it's just the reddish growth and would scab up after a while. I haven't gone to the doctor yet as I don't have as much time and I'm not insured. Do you guys think it could be sebaceous carcinoma and is any cause for immediate concern?


##########
23F bump under the eyelid


I have this bump under my eye. The picture show it like its a scar but it is a bump as high as a pimple. It has been there some time but it doubled maybe tripled in size recently. Is it something bad? Do I need to get this checked out?
##########
32M..Lateral Rectus Palsy
Hi..Asian..non smoker..Woke up with sudden diplopia a week ago. 
MRI is clean. 
Currently on Prednisolone and alternate eye patch. 
I am told it will go away in a few weeks. 

Can you please narrate your experience with lateral Rectus palsy. 
Was the recovery sudden or gradual? 
What were your precautions? 
How long did it take for you to recover? 
Thanks in advance..
##########
36M - Visible muscle stretch in eye when looking at extremes
Smoker - 4-5 cigs/day

I've had torsional diplopia that has been worsening for quite a while. However, off recent I can now see some visible pull inside the eye when looking in every direction, especially when looking in extreme direction (left/right/up/down). It looks like a little dent in the vision where the muscle/optic nerve is being pulled. Becomes bigger as I try to look even further and goes away as I look straight.

 I have always been able to notice it since childhood, but it's become more prominent off recent. Is this normal? Can everyone see this?
##########
30M - Eye floaters nearly 2 years after looking at end fiber optic cable.
Title says it all, made a mistake and didn't realize how much grief this would cause me. No pre-existing conditions. Healthy lifestyle. No other history of eye conditions. Just wear glasses because I am near-sited.

  
**TL;DR** - my internet wasn't working, I looked at the end of a fiber optic cable (don't ever do this without proper eye safety and knowledge) and burned lines into my vision. Has not gotten any better or worse.

**Also TL;DR for people who stumble upon this and don't want to read the big story** - for anyone looking at the warning labels on fiber optic stuff or working with fiber optics (even home installations). **Please do not ever look at the end of the fiber optic link cable**. I know the intensity could be in the &lt;1mW (even uW) range for IR-B and at class 1M the manufacturer deems "eye safe without viewing instrumentation" but just please wear appropriate eye protection or find someone who is trained to work with this stuff. This thing truly did wreck my vision for close to 2 years now and has caused a whole host of behavioral issues. I would treat it to be class 3 at minimum just with this experience alone. I know the boxes don't have many safety warnings. But just assume the fiber link is live at all times because you can't tell when it is or isn't. Don't make my mistake. Protect your eyes! Even if people say "oh it can't get past your cornea" well lets just go with this axiom that my cornea took all of the light: my eyes are still messed up and they haven't healed. Please do not make that assumption.

The story:

  
One day my fiber internet stopped working, wasn't sure what was going on. I didn't think twice and unplugged the green fiber optic cable going into the ONT (Optical Network Terminal, the box that gets the internet) and looked at the end of it thinking I would see light (hint: you don't because it's infrared and you can't see infrared). Put it back. Then later that day realized "Oh shoot, probably should not have done that. The other end of that cable is a laser and I could have done some serious damage to my eyes". I didn't notice anything throughout the day so I didn't think about it too much or any time after. About 2 days later I was walking around outside and noticed some dark lines in my vision. I thought to myself "well that's strange, I don't recall seeing so many lines in my vision. They look oddly shaped almost like the end of a fiber optic cable........ wait a minute".

  
The way they appear:

- Dark spots or lines where I was trying to view the end of the cable

- When I am in a dark light setting or my eye are dilated, I don't notice them at all or they are very faint

- When I am in a bright light setting or I squint looking at light: I notice them and they are very intense

- Depending what distance I am focusing at, they tend to change size and intensity. Sometimes they can be faint and large circles. Other times these circles will be dark, small, and sharp outlines.

- Mainly affecting my right eye (right eye dominant) left eye has some but I can generally ignore these as they aren't that intense.

- In the right eye, mostly in the center of my vision which makes them incredibly bothersome.

- Some do seem to "float" around when I move my eye around. Like squirm or "settle"

- It's hard to look at them because I have to "chase" them with my eye.

So I immediately went to the ER to make sure it had not become anything serious such as a retinal burn, retinal detachment, or anything of that nature. After waiting a while an ophthalmologist helped me out: she dilated my eyes, did a fluorescein stain to make sure the surface of my eyes were okay and also looked at the back of my eyes manually (not an OCT scan, she used some sort of large lens to manually look at the back of my eyes).  
  
Anyway, she said my eyes looked fine and there appeared to be no signs of any serious damage and that my eyes appeared healthy. The other thing I noticed is when my eyes were dilated, the "floaters"/lines seemed to disappear completely only to return after the dilation eye drops wore off.

With the lines still in my vision after about 2 weeks I decided to visit my optometrist (needed to update my prescription anyway). She was able to do an OCT scan and mentioned "retinal thickening" (idk what this means) and referred me to an ophthalmologist but otherwise said everything else looked healthy. I went to the ophthalmologist and with the referral. They also looked at my eyes (dilated, slit lamp, I don't remember what else they did). And they said everything appeared fine and my eyes looked healthy.

At this point I am lost. I am clearly seeing something in my vision that isn't going away yet nobody could see any problems. Perhaps the issue is too small to pick up with most standard equipment that is at most eye care centers?? I begin to do more research about the laser I exposed myself to. Typical downstream fiber optic telecommunication links are roughly in the 1400nm to 1600nm wavelengths - IR-B: also the type of infrared light that does not make it past the front of the eye according to every eye safety data sheet and research article I have found on the matter. At that point I thought that perhaps I should see a corneal specialist if perhaps they could inspect the front of my eye and see if there had been any lasting damage there. Went to the corneal specialist, also nothing. The doctor mentioned my eyes look healthy and if there is anything wrong she can't see it. Also did slit lamp, corneal topography scans. Nothing remarkable.



I'm at a bit of a loss here. I am really trying to find a path forward to treat these as these lines have greatly disrupted the quality of my life. I find it very difficult to focus on tasks, read anything on a computer screen, or just ignore them and not have them occupy every second of my conscious thought. The only solution so far that I have found is to wear an eye path over my right eye and just use my left eye: this is the only way I can get relief. Seeing out of one eye with only a few, faint, floaters which I can easily ignore is way better than seeing with two eyes where one of them has very intense floaters. They haven't improved, at least not that I can tell. I have not had any other symptoms of what people ask for: no random flashes in vision, no increase in the number of "floaters", no blurring of entire vision.

  
I have an ophthalmologist appointment coming up soon to go over these things again with the doctor but I feel like I am just going to be sent down the same path of "&lt;shrug shoulder&gt; I don't know so good luck".  
  
What I am looking for from anyone who could offer some advice:  
- I don't want to go into a doctor's appointment throwing around technical jargon (I'm not a doctor) but from what I have learned, "floaters" is a very specific thing which could mean "things in the vitreous gel which cast shadows". What I see may be *characteristic* of floaters because of what I am seeing in my own vision but I have no idea if they actually are because nobody has "identified" them. I don't want to be leading doctors in the wrong directions by saying things: I would rather have them give the proper diagnosis with their steps and procedures. So is there a way I could perhaps phrase this to say "I'm seeing these things in my vision from a laser accident, because its infrared I think it might be the front of my eye but idk" that could get a doctor to refer me in the right direction? (Idk what this direction would be)

- It seems that in some instances doctors have not considered my case seriously or they just don't quite understand what it is that I'm talking about. I had one of the docs say to me "Well, infrared can't damage your eyes because we use infrared in some of our measurement instrumentation" which to me sounds like the doc just doesn't understand what I am talking about. Any light at any wavelength, if the intensity is strong enough, *can and will* cause damage. That's similar to saying staring at the sun can't damage your eyes because this birthday candle produces similar wavelengths. I am trying to find a way to convince doctors to take this more seriously or not just brush me off. Do I need to show them research articles on eye damage and infrared light? Do I need to phrase things differently and explain how much grief this is causing me in my life?

- Are there any types of imaging procedures which could get detailed imaging of the surface of my eye? I read somewhere about this procedure called "specular microscopy"? Who do I go to get this? How would I request it? I feel like the doctor would need to be convinced that this is something I should do. I don't know if this is a common thing that is done.

- If the "floaters" disappear when my eyes are dilated, that would rule out that it is retinal damage, correct? This is something I have read elsewhere people notice who have floaters as well. If it's "something casting a shadow" on the retina and there is more scattered light, this would mean reduced shadow. Again I don't know much about eyes and the brain-eye connection seems like a very complex thing, maybe my mind is just filtering it out when my eyes are dilated, idk.

  
Any advice would be appreciated. Really not looking for wise and sarcastic responses. "Don't you know not to look at the end of a fiber optic?" No - I didn't. I kind of knew but wasn't thinking in the moment. It was an accident not a purpose. It's not really common knowledge and everyone I have explained this to (docs included) were all generally surprised that it caused this much damage. I can provide more details about specific things if asked.
##########
14f, advice needed for pinkeye
okay, i know i have pink eye. but i need tips to make it go away before I have homecoming october 11th (next friday)

im willing to do anything to make it go away genuinely i dont want to have pink eye during my first home coming

i started experiencing symptoms yesterday
##########
36 Male - Eyelid lags? Blinks independently?
To preface this, I have always noticed something weird with my left eye… I assumed it was related to my pretty severe OCD disorder. Since I have some general physical tics that I’m aware of, which come and go. 

I just started getting into acting and noticed a few days ago, in one of my tapes, that my left eye sometimes seems to lag when opening, I’m not sure what’s happening. I have severe anxiety about strokes, I test myself everyday for a stroke and when I noticed this happening in the video, I panicked and went through every video I could find of myself. To be frank. UNTIL RECENTLY-I don’t take many videos of myself staring forwards for extended periods of time, so I’m assuming this could’ve been happening for a long time and I JUST caught it yesterday, even though I’ve been doing auditions for the entire last month and haven’t noticed it really.  



Your thoughts ?

I’ve collected a series of videos over the last 10 years where it seems like it occurs. I have no other symptoms. I know I sound crazy by even compiling videos, but I’m not sure how to find info on this.
##########
25M Chromatic aberration with new glasses...
I got a control appointment tomorrow because I'm just so annoyed by this. I'd like some opinions in advance. My old Rx is from about 4 years ago:
Left -2.25 sph, -0.25 cyl, 155 degrees
Right -2.75 sph, -0.50 cyl, 0 degrees

Pretty normal right? I live somewhere else now so new doctor. Here's the new one:
Left -2.25 sph, -0.25 cyl, 118 degrees
Right -3.50 sph... with the doctor claiming zero astigmatism.

So here I am now, when I tilt my head backwards, I see a lot more clearly and focus as I should be able to, and the chromatic aberration goes away on monitors. Left glass is completely fine.

The lens is something called "Master HD 1.61". High index apparently? Definitely not poly. Are my suspicions correct? I have very sensitive eyes. Would a -0.50 cyl astigmatism difference cause such a huge effect?
##########
20M Does Everything Look Generally Alright?


Is there anything that might look concerning on my retina other than the optic nerve damage?

They're a really good doctor, but I've come to the unfortunate conclusion that I've lost a little bit of faith in my opthalmologist. Mainly since they're always in a hurry to get me out of there &amp; don't take any time to answer my concerns, but also because this huge floater appeared during the middle of a YAG procedure (for a PCO) back in January. Presumably, a PVD also occurred during that procedure. 

Every time the laser hit my eye, everything would just go stark white before coming back into focus. This incredibly dark floater appeared right after one of those flashes. I presumed it was normal. He just seemed very skittish and— in a follow-up— suggested another YAG for some membrane that had grown. That was taken care of, I believe. Afterwards, when I mentioned this floater hadn't gotten any better, he suggested yet another YAG for another fibrous growth (in which he'll zap the floater if he happens to see it) which I wimped out of. He's a glaucoma specialist whom mainly treats geriatric patients, I'm not fully sure if he's ever really done many procedures like this on people my age 

Also, I believe my IOL was definitely pitted? I wasn't directly informed, but he did sort of proclaim it to his assistant during the procedure. When walking past a light source or when I lay down and turn my head away from my bedside lamp, I see glasses-like finger print smudges/streaks of that light source, mostly on my lower FOV.

So instead of going through with that 3rd YAG, I finally asked for a referral to a retinal specialist, that I'll be seeing pretty soon. But in the meanwhile, I'm just kinda stumped. Amsler Grids have been looking funny for a while now. Less in the distorted sense, although there is a little bit of distortion, and more like misaligned stacked boxes that are about to fall over, (sometimes straight lines look like they have so many little dimples but then they look normal other days), and I can't confirm if I was seeing like this prior to the YAG since it's been over 10 months since I had the first one done. Maybe they look funny because of my visual field loss from glaucoma, maybe it's a retinal thing, or maybe my brain's just not interpreting images correctly. I really don't know but I feel like I'm getting nowhere in finding out the cause with my current opthalmologist

I'm wondering, can you all see the floater in this image? Would the damage to my optic nerve potentially make amsler grids appear like this? Is there anything specific I should bring up with the retinal specialist? 

High myopia, -12.50 |
Congenital Open Angle Glaucoma |
I don't drink or smoke |
Hispanic |
##########
41F Retinal Tear treated with Laser Photocoagulation
Went on some roller coasters and woke up the next morning with foggy vision and floaters. Dr found a retinal tear and I was treated within 5 days. I’m -7.50 in L and -6.50 R and now terrified of getting another retinal tear or my vision progressively getting worse. I’m have my annual checkup in Nov, and I’ll likely go to -8.0 in my L eye. I was told my vision would stop getting worse by 35, but mine is still slowly getting worse. What are the best things I can do to help my vision? I started taking vitamins that support healthy eyes. Any other recommendations? 

Also, I asked the retina surgeon when I could start exercising again, and he said immediately - no waiting period because the tear was very small and only took him about 2 mins to laser. Still afraid to exercise, so I’m waiting till 6 days out. Is it normal to have no waiting period to go back to normal activities?
##########
19M Advice on Daily Contact Lenses for, Astigmatism, Uveitis, and No Trial Options
Hey everyone,

I’m looking for advice on daily contact lenses. I have uveitis, astigmatism, and have been on steroids for the past 3 years. I only need the contacts for specific occasions, like when I do sports or attend events. My optometrist recommended Bausch and Lomb for monthly lenses or Dailies 1 for astigmatism if I go with daily lenses.

I have a cylinder value of -1.50 in one eye and -1.25 in the other, but -1.25 for both eyes would work for me as well. Since I live in a remote country where they don’t offer trials, I’d have to order a brand without trying it first. Will there be any options where they could customize the lenses to my prescription and send them directly?

My main concern is finding lenses that won’t cause dry eyes or other complications, and ideally, something that lasts longer throughout the day.

Any recommendations would be appreciated!
##########
72F Every year a different astigmatism ?
I am getting very frustrated and beginning to wonder whether the eye exams I’m getting each year are arbitrary. I’m 72 years old with a severe dry eye problem and eye exams are always quite difficult because working with the eye chart with dry eye often confuses the issue. Nevertheless, each year I end up with a new prescription that requires new glasses, a costly endeavor. how is it possible for your astigmatism to change every year? And one year one eye has an astigmatism and the other doesn’t. The next year they both have it. The next year only one has it, and so forth. 
I can add actual numbers if that will help
##########
20 M , severe myopia with watery eyes
the level of myopia is constant

the left hand eye has average myopia while the right handed one has severe myopia 

Asian , 
No smoking, No drugs, no alcohol,
no other conditions

primary complaint 
the both eyes get sticky in morning
along with dust particles in eyes sometimes 
and watery whenever i put my glasses off  
from 7 year's 


What could be appropriate solutions list
Other than glasses  ️
like which would be Suitable, type of
contact lenses or types of surgery ,
##########
15F terrible eyesight
Hi, my eyesight is quite bad, around -7. I have two questions:

1. How long can I wear my contact lenses safely? I usually put them on around 7 AM and want to keep them in until about 8 PM. Is that safe?

2. What kind of surgeries or treatments could I consider when I'm older? I really don't like wearing glasses, but wearing contacts for long periods is exhausting.
##########
35M - Questions about the validity of a corneal topography
Hello,

This post is not an aftercare question about eye surgery - It is about the validity of one of the test done before.

35M - Caucacian.

It has been 3 weeks since my prk for +/-   -5 from both eyes, with a bit of astigmatism. The procedure itself went well. I had my second appointment with the surgeon last week. It seemed ok. I'm still on FML drops (3 per day).

My vision from my left eye is clearly worst than my right eye since day one, with double vision. I understand that it's normal that my vision fluctuate during the recovery period. But I had a though about one of the test I did during the pre exam :

During the exams/tests before my prk, I did a corneal topography. The examiner had to do it multiple times before being satisfied with the results. For my left eye, I remember now not looking directly at the light of the device the last time. I didn't think much about it on the moment as the examiner seemed satisfied, but now, as there is a clear difference between my 2 eyes, the left being really worse, I wonder if it could have been done wrong because of it ?

So, my question is : Can my corneal topography be botched because I didn't look directly into the light ? Which could have botched my PRK ?

The question may seem stupid to a professional, especially because I know it takes time to recover, and I know both eyes recover at different speed. But I think I just need a bit of reassurance. I hesitate to ask directly to the clinic first because I would be responsible.
##########
36M - Sinus infection -- 5 days -- newly red eyes -- wait or urgent care?
Hi -- I have a sinus infection.

This is the 2nd I've had this year (I think) --- maybe 4th in my lifetime over the past 10 years.

Previous I've had viral (gone away on it's own in a week or 2) and bacterial (4+ weeks, finally have to get the Z pac, fixed).

.... Anyway this time I've noticed I've had unusually red eyes, particularly the edges are pink, no the center part ... like the border of my eyes.

Haven't noticed vision problems, and I am currently wearing contact lenses (glasses are like +2 out of date but I think I'll switch to them for now).

.... Is the red eyes normal or cause for concern? Obviously the infection has spread there. .... And this is Day 6 of the infection, maybe too early to tell if bacterial or viral.

What should I do? Should I get the anti-biotics? Might be able to tele-doc for $75 and get a script, or only have $160 left on my deductible, can go that route.

Am I at risk for long term vision damage due to this? Thanks!
##########
34F red dot on white of eye
Hi! I am a white female, postpartum and have had a red dot on the white of my eye for a couple of weeks. It’s less red but still has not gone away. I was using an eyelash growth serum which irritated my eyes and I stopped about a week ago. My eyes have been itchy, but have gotten better. I am on t3 and t4 thyroid medicine and lexapro and trazodone for mental health. I do vape nicotine. Is this something to be worried about? I do suffer from postpartum anxiety and worried it’s more than a broken blood vessel. Thank you! 

Photo of eye today: 
##########
18M with mewds
First of all, sorry for my bad english.
I'm an 18 year old Male that have been suffering from flickering lights in dim lighting, flashing lights in bright lighting, a small central vision loss and patterns of afterimages all across my vision (Recently, my entire eye flashes if i moove it sideways quickly), i visited the doctors and some said it was PVD, i wasnt convinced so i visited another doctor and he said i had mewds. This all happened after i got sick for 2 days, and now im entering my 8th week without much improvement. Have anyone experienced the same symptoms? And if anyone was diagnosed with mewds, did you recover your full vision?
##########
34F Scared of Acanthamoeba Keratitis after Corneal Abrasion and Using Tap Water
I recently got a corneal abrasion for the first time and I'm currently using an antibiotic gel to ward off possible infection. However, I stupidly rinsed my eye with our tap water before I knew I shouldn't. Now I'm paranoid about the Acanthamoeba keratitis infection (thanks Google) because I did that. I also read that the chances are low... but even the small possibility is scary. Please ease my mind
##########
22M Corneal Ulcer improvement timeline
Hi everyone, on Wednesday afternoon I was diagnosed with a Corneal Ulcer (bacterial keratitis I believe) and was prescribed 2 different eye drops (1 to take hourly, 1 take take 4x per day) and an ointment to apply before bed every night. I’ve stayed strict with the regiment but have seen very minimal improvement.

I went to the optometrist yesterday for a follow up appointment to which he looked at my eye and gave a a very unconvincing “well it looks better than it did yesterday..” I’m feeling frustrated because the discomfort does not seem to really be subsiding and the ulcer does not seem to be improving.

The main improvement I’ve noticed is that my sensitivity to light has definitely decreased. However, irritation (sometimes painful), tearing, redness, swelling, and completely blurry vision have not improved at all. I understand it hasn’t been that long since I started treatment (2.5 days) but I expected to see more significant improvement by this point and I’m a little worried that things are actually not getting better at all. 

Is this an expected timeline for healing? If it is, at what point should I be expecting these factors to improve? My eye doctor is fairly short with me and is just plainly kind of rude and has not provided me with much useful information which is causing me to be unsure about this whole situation. Any input would be appreciated.
##########
1% Prednisone overuse
Had LASIK surgery monovision surgery. 18 hours post surgery great results only a .25-.5 off.  Told to take drops every hour awake after surgery. Followed next day by 4xday for 4 days. Misunderstood and continued to take drops for 6 days every hour. 1-week post shows progressively blurred vision halos. Normal eye pressure. 

My optometrist said she had never come across this before.  They consulted the clinic at attended for surgery and they’ve suggested weening. 4x per day 3days, 3x day for 3 days, 2xday per day 3days,1xday 3days, and a post 1-month which would be 10 days later. 

Do you think this will get better. Can’t help but worry. I had great vision right after LASIK but 3-4 days later it wasn’t clear anymore. I don’t know if it’s normal and will fix itself, if it’s specific to my overuse of the steroid drops. Or a combination.
##########
38M What to do after Peri Orbital Cellulitis?
\[38M\] \[5'7", Caucasian, 195lbs\]

Hi, I am really hoping someone can give me some advice or tell me what to try next! Feel like I’m losing my mind a bit…In April I have tonsillitis, in May I had Covid, and then in June I had Peri Orbital Cellulitis. 

I was given antibiotics for the Tonsillitis which cleared up, my eye was almost swollen shut and very infected with the cellulitis, and I was given antibiotics and antibiotic eye drops. It cleared up, but then from July until now I have had a slight swelling under the eye that was infected, and a bit of leakage, sore throat and just feeling exhausted the whole time.

I got some blood work done 2 weeks ago, and my ASO was 687 (according to the test center it should be 200 or less?). 

I have seen an ENT who gave me Azithyromicin 5 days ago, and I think it may have helped slightly but the swelling still there under my eye. 

I saw an opthalmogolist who had me do a cranial CT scan which didn’t detect anything abnormal. They gave me eye drops and said the swelling will clear up. 

My question is what should I be doing/is this a case of waiting it out with the swelling? I don’t know how much longer I can deal with the constant tiredness and swelling, it’s embarrassing in public (even though friends say its barely noticeable, but I can see people looking at it when I talk to them). I figure the bouts of tonsillitis, infection and covid must have hit my immune system hard, I have been taking strong multi vitamin, vitamin D spray and probiotics since April. 

I live in a country where I don’t have good access to a GP, but am able to access private testing/specialist doctors fairly easily, if anyone has any info on what I should be doing in terms of further testing/which area of doctor I should see (i.e. the ENT I saw said once I have taken these antibiotics there isn’t much more she can do to help). Just not sure what to do next and getting really frustrated with where I am at with my eye and tiredness. 

I have made a small album on imgur with some pics of how it looked when I had the infection: [
##########
33F What visual disturbances can eye inflammation cause?
Hi all, my eye is inflammed. I've been having visual disturbances such as ghosting text, double vision, blurry sight, glare, starbursts, and astigmatism that wasn't there before. My eyes are not red or itchy, but they feel inflammed and swollen. The actual eye, not the eyelids. I'm booked to see an optometrist in a few days and will have a better idea of what is happening then - But for now, can someone tell me if eye inflammation can impact vision? Thanks. I'm using a cold compress and it seems to help. They've been inflammed like this for months. Not sure why.
##########
29f, been two two docs and due to recent hurricane cannot go as they are closed.
A month ago I noticed the beginning of a stye, went to Dr and they recommended otc stye medication. Took as directed, within a week my eye became swollen, the bottom half of my eye was bloodshot, and I could not open it. Went back to Dr and he prescribed prednisone and medicated eye drops. My eye got better after four days, then on day five I woke up and it was extremely sensitive to light and has since gotten extremely red, water, and painful at times. Went to another dr (urgent care) since mine was out of the office. He prescribed erythromycin ointment and said it would clear up in two days. It has been 4 full days of taking the medication, and it looks considerably worse. 
Due to the recent hurricane Helene, my dr was closed today, and no ophthalmologist is open near me until Tuesday. Today was the absolute worst I have felt, and it’s as bad as it’s ever looked. Should I just bite the bullet and go to ER? 
(I have also been doing warm compresses this entire time, and the “stye” has not came to a head nor went away.) I don’t have Imgur and my internet is still down, but I can try to send pictures since it’s not letting me post.
##########
37M Cataract 8 days after vitrectomy
I just had my one week follow up after vitrectomy and c3f8 gas bubble. Eye has prior history of sclera buckle as well. Surgeon said she saw some cloudiness that could represent a cataract or could actually represent ongoing healing and that as long as I don’t sleep on my back that this could all go away. What else could this be other than a cataract?
##########
25M vertical diplopia?
Hi .. it's been a week am seeing the copy of letters over actual letters same with the wall edges , bookshelf , changed my dark theme to light , I have seen opthamologist he said everything is fine with my eyes but I still see the high contrast letters and shapes on top of themselves, I stayed up late until 3 am a lot of times and eyes burn when I woke up 

I see double image only on top , even when I close one or the other eye in both eyes
##########
29F suddenly misshapen pupil
To preface, my right eye has been inflamed for going on 3 weeks now. Symptoms are light sensitivity, pain, swelling, tearing, irritation, severe redness on the whole eye, blurry vision and maybe some floaters (small light dots occasionally)  

I also have some pain in my face on the right side of my nose and head tho it is generally solved with Tylenol. I have been mostly keeping the eye closed for comfort even though I can still open it. I was given drops for pain and separate antibiotic drops via urgent care on Monday, no improvement. 

Today I’m freaked out because the pupil in that eye has become misshapen - it’s squiggly and puddle like. I don’t believe it was like this on Monday. Considering all this should I call an eye clinic tomorrow or should I go to be seen at the hospital emergency room? Thank you

White American, no glasses or pre existing medical conditions I know of, non smoker, non drinker, no trauma to the eye that I’m aware of. Posted once in medical advice as well
##########
14M hit  my eye with a rubber band, vision from that eye pretty blurry
i just hit my eye with a rubber band by accident around 30mins ago and idk if going to the doctor for this, pain stopped after 10 minutes, i can now open it but everything is pretty blurry, its not red or anything, just blurry.

should i go see a doctor
##########
32M Incredible eye pain, especially when focusing
Hello everyone,

Sorry for the long text; I would really appreciate any support and ideas! :) Since July 17th, I have been suffering from severe eye pain, and unfortunately, no doctor has been able to help me so far. Maybe someone here has had similar experiences or some tips for me. The pain significantly limits my daily activities.

How does the pain manifest?

	•	Throughout the day, I feel pressure on my eyes, as if someone is pressing on them or pulling on the optic nerve (pain level 3/10).
	•	The pain intensifies (pain level 5-8/10) when I focus, for example, on a computer screen, TV, projector, pictures in a museum, etc. Looking into the distance eases the pain.
	•	The eye pain leads to headaches in the temples, dizziness, and occasionally nausea. Paracetamol and Ibuprofen only help with the headaches, not the eye pain.
	•	It gets better in the evening, and looking at my phone (short distance) does not worsen the pain, but it maintains it.
	•	When my eyes were dilated with Cyclolat, I was pain-free as long as the effect lasted.

What has been diagnosed so far?

	•	Dry eyes and drusen papilla on both sides with visual field defects and RNFL thinning.
	•	Examinations like OCT, blood tests, and MRI (head, without contrast) showed no other abnormalities.
	•	Neurological tests for multiple sclerosis and trigeminal neuralgia fortunately showed no abnormalities.
	•	Treatments so far: corticosteroid eye drops (without success), cooling/warming the eyes (provides relief), punctal plugs for dry eyes.
	•	The osteopath was able to slightly relieve the pain by pressing specific areas around the eyes, especially on and under the eyebrows.

My glasses:

	•	Original glasses:
	•	Right eye: -1.00 sph./ -0.50 cyl./ A 96°
	•	Left eye: -2.00 sph./ -0.50 cyl./ A 27°
	•	Values after Cyclolat drops:
	•	Right eye: -0.50 sph.
	•	Left eye: -1.50 sph./ -0.50 cyl./ A 167°

I then tried glasses without astigmatism correction (just -1.5 and -0.5) which I wore for a week—without improvement. Contact lenses with the same values caused the same issues.

	•	Through research, I came across vertical heterophoria and had the following glasses made:
	•	Right eye: -1.00 sph./ -0.25 cyl./ A 170°/ Res. Prism 1.00 cm/m/ Res. Base 346°/ PD 33.60 mm/ Y=29.10/ HSA 12.00 mm
	•	Left eye: -2.00 sph./ -0.50 cyl./ A 27°/ Res. Prism 0.95 cm/m/ Res. Base 180°/ PD 30.80 mm/ Y=29.00/ HSA 12.00 mm

I have been wearing these glasses for three days now, but so far, I only feel more eye pain and headaches.

A bit about me:

I am 32 years old, male, 180 cm tall, athletic, weigh 82 kg, no smoking, no drinking or taking drugs. I take Vitamin B12 daily becouse I am an vegeterian. I was in the military for a long time, and I am currently studying computer science. I am from germany (sorry for any Language errors)!

Has anyone had similar experiences or any ideas on what else I could try? I am grateful for any advice!
##########
25F, veins in eyes getting more and more red
Hi all,
For the past couple of months I've noticed some vessels in an area of my right eye have been getting more and more prominent/red. I don't have any itchiness, dryness etc. with this. I do have uveitis which I'm taking steroid drops for, and as a result also pressure drops which I found out a few days ago are not doing their job well (IOP is 23 in right eye which is high for me). I wear glasses but haven't worn contacts in months. I don't smoke or do recreational drugs. I have been using lubricating eye drops. I will be seeing my ophthalmologist next week but was wondering for any ideas as to why these specific vessels seem to be getting worse? Maybe the eye pressure? The redness makes me self conscious about my eye.
##########
1M Aphakic contact lens post surgery?
(I am 41F but this isn't about me)


So my 9 month old (male, white, on omniprazol for GERD, does not smoke or drink or do drugs and I did not do any of those things while pregnant) was diagnosed with a congenital cataract from persistant fetal vasculature at about 7 months and we finally got the surgery last week.  Because of his age and the fact that the cataract was large enough that they had to take out all of what would have been the support, they won't be able to do an IOL until he's a teen.

Today we got set up for a contact lens.  The cornea surgeon said that if he were to have glasses his prescription would be about a +12, which isn't terrible because people can come out of surgery as high as a +18.  So, I kept calm.  After all, with a functioning lens one of my eyes is a -6 uncorrected so 12 isn't SO bad...

And then we got to the optometrist and after the absolute hell on earth of putting a contact lens into an infant whose eyelids are still a bit puffy, I was informed that his contact will actually be a +20, which seems REALLY HIGH.  I know for high myopia they have to decrease the contact prescription from the glasses; is it just the opposite for the lensless presbyopia?

I'm just a ball of nerves because with how relatively late the identification was, and the fact they had to remove blood vessels which were pulling on the retina, I'm terrified his brain will just stop taking input from his right eye and he will never have binocular vision.  Am I just getting overwhelmed by high numbers and this is a normal post op prescription?  Would an IOL likely  be a similar strength?  Or, should I start grilling the cornea surgeon a bit more when he tells me how good my baby's eye looks?

I don't think an image is particularly relevant and I am uncomfortable putting pictures of my child in a public forum.

TIA.
##########
40F sudden trouble changing distance
I’m not even quite sure how to ask this question, and I’m kinda assuming the answer will be “getting old”, but I thought I’d try here! 

I’ve recently (~6 months) noticed that if I spend some time focused on a task up close (like knitting for an hour or two), it will be almost impossible for my eyes to re-adjust to distance vision afterwards. Everything farther than 2 feet away will be blurry and unfocused for at least half an hour before slowly getting back to normal. It’s like my eyes are stuck in close-up mode. I’ve never had this problem before, which is why it’s concerning me. I’ve had perfect vision all my life and use no corrective lenses or anything like that. Has anyone else had this happen? Is it just a problem with aging eyes?
##########
24F - Do I Need a Second Opinion?
For context, I'm Lebanese, and I live in Lebanon. I have a history of myopia (3.75 in each eye), and have worn contact lenses almost daily since 2020.

So 2 weeks ago, I visited an ophthalmologist for a foreign body sensation in my left eye that wouldn't go away, and made wearing contacts super irritating. He ended up giving me artificial tears, allergy drops, and antibiotic drops.

2 days ago, I went back for a follow up, since the sensation wasn't going away, and he ends up removing a tiny pimple thing from the inside of my upper eyelid, and also telling me I have trachoma and dry eye, gives me new medications for both (azithromycin and estaporin respectively), as well as optidex.

He ended up calling me today 2 days after the appointment telling me to add tetracycline ointment to the treatment.

The foreign body sensation went away since he removed the pimple, but I've never felt any symptoms of trachoma and now I'm concerned about the sheer amount of things I'm putting in my eye, the length of the treatment, and about the fact that I might have trachoma.

Should I get a second opinion for all this or should I just continue with his treatment?
##########
20M double vision
20M. i’ve randomly started to develop intermittent double vision. studying for my mcat currently and have had a ton of strain on my left eye. idk if it’s from looking at a screen and textbooks all day, but it has been extremely difficult to focus. the best way to describe it is that i can consciously feel my left eye in my head if that makes any sense. it feels like a ton of built of pressure (either the eye itself or the cavity) but i recently went to a walk-in and had them check pressure and it came back normal. i recorded a video of my eyes and can visually notice my left eye subtly strafing outwards. did some research and believe im developing intermittent exotropia. i’ve been worried about it because i don’t want it to progess and ive had no luck with the ophthalmologists ive seen thus far (they recommended a convergence test and found nothing). i’ve had my prescription updated and occasionally take eye drops to lubricate my eye. are these symptoms/diagnosis common? does anyone have solutions to my current situation and potential (low cost) treatments?

it’s funny cause i want to become an ophthalmologist and have done ophthalmology research for the last 2 years. i’m paranoid that if this progresses i won’t be able to do meticulous surgeries that i've always dreamt of.
##########
24F WHITE EYE SPECK !?
hello . I just want to hear what ya’ll have think this is . I was taking a shower &amp; combing my hair , as I was combing my hair , it felt like my hair was poking my eye . when I realized it wasn’t , I looked in the mirror &amp; noticed this small white speck on what seems my pupil area . it doesn’t hurt or anything anymore , but it also won’t move . I’ve tried flushing my eyes out &amp; rubbing them , but it’s still there !
##########
10f "stage 3 retinal hole" in fovea
My 10f daughter was shot in the right eye with a nerf dart yesterday, and today an ophthalmologist diagnosed her with a "stage 3 retinal hole" in the fovea. She has grey splotches in the center of her vision, but they're less severe today than yesterday. We have appt to follow-up with a pediatric eye surgeon next week. He didn't think the situation was urgent, and said that the hole will likely heal on its own, so he doesn't want to see her now, he wants to wait a week.

1. Does this make sense? 

2. When the hole heals or is repaired, is my daughter likely to have permanent vision damage?

3. Is there anything we can do now to promote healing and reduce scarring? Steroid eye drops?

4. Are there questions I should be asking?

5. Treatments to favor or avoid?

Thank you. I'm trying to be as proactive as possible.
##########
19M- How long for a hole in retina to cause retinal detachment?
Last month my right eye had a lot of floaters so i went to meet eye specialist to have an eye exam, after he had a look at my eye he said there is no retinal detachmemt. After about 2 weeks, I saw some flash light in my right eye so I went to another specialist to check again and he said I had a retinal detachment. So did my first specialist missed a retina hole or something?
##########
18M white ; Episcleritis/Dry eye for 4 years
Edit: I’m 27M, have no clue why I typed in 18.

TLDR: Severe red eye/diagnosed episcleritis with dry eye that is refractory to all medication and preventative measure possible. Any idea if I might have missed something, haven’t tried something or is this what my life will look like from now on?

I’m not even fully sure how to describe in words what’s been going on for the previous 4 years, and this is the first time I’m asking for online help so bear with me. 

It all started around March/April 2020 when I started having these segments of my eye turn red, followed mostly by itching and feeling of tiredness in my eyes after a long day. Checked with my ophthalmologist, got Tobradex and it resolved. After a week or two, it started creeping back up again. That whole cycle kept going until November 2020 when it miraculously stopped. Cut to spring 2021, there it is again. From then till now, this cycle became clear of it being better (or fully in remission) in winter and awful during the rest of the year. 

My ophthalmologist did a full in-depth examination a couple of times in the span of the 4 years. The rear segment of my eye (retina and all) has always been fine, and I don’t seem to have any corneal pathology as well. She diagnosed episcleritis and severe dry eye (per Shirmer test which was about 2mm on both eyes). Since then we have tried it all: tears, antihistamines, topical steroids (which do help when used, the moment I stop it comes back, and I do taper it off), decreased screen time, vitamin C, allergy cases for my pillow and mattress, NSAID trials - nothing seems to make it budge.

I ended up doing an examination with an immunologist and allergologist. They told me that it seems like it’s allergic in nature (due to it being in remission in winter) but it doesn’t react whatsoever to antihistamines (both oral and topical). They did a full autoimmune workup that didn’t show anything of significance. 

I am a very healthy individual, work out and eat well almost always. I am a doctor myself, so I do tend to have stressful periods in my life, but as a rule of thumb my worst months professionally are at winter; when my symptoms are best.

One thing that’s worth mentioning in my opinion. I was on Acutaine for 8 months in 2019, during which I had severe dry and red eyes as a side effect of the medication. However, when I stopped it, it completely cleared and around 6 months (of mostly winder time, let’s say September to March) passed before the 2020 episode started. Because of this, I’ve also tried Meiboman gland massages at home, warm compresses, fish oil, overnight eye ointemnt (Vitapos), again without much result. 

My symptoms tend to vary and I haven’t been able to pinpoint a pattern. Sometimes I wake up with bloodshot eyes that clear up as the day goes, sometimes (now for example) they are best in the morning and progressively get worse throughout the day. I have noted that they seem to be always better when I’m outside in fresh air, no matter the weather, and the moment I go inside (a bank, cafe or whatever) they start getting worked up. At night they tend to itch a lot as well and when I can’t stop myself from rubbing them, I do get those white strings I have to pull out. It usually starts on one eye as reddness, discomfort and itchiness, then it eventually, after a couple of days, goes to the other eye as well.

All in all, I have no idea. As a medical professional, I’ve read up on it extensively both in published research and in homeopathic remedies. And still to this day, I have no conclusion.




In case anyone needs more pictures, I have 4 years worth of material.
Cheers
##########
22 F Routine eye test picked something up
Hi,

Today I had a routine eye test in which the optician found one or both (I didn't ask) of my optic nerves are swollen. She did an urgent referral to the hospital and not even 2 hours later they rang and said the doctor has reviewed my referral and wanted me to go for an appointment tomorrow morning. I have had to push it to Friday as I can't make tomorrow. I'm in the UK so with the NHS and this is very quick for them. 

I also have a number of neurological symptoms which have been under investigation for the past 8 months which include a tremor in my right arm, tinnitus, frequent pressure headaches and neasuea.. the list goes on. I had an inner ear and brain MRI a few months ago which was all fine. The MRI was done by ENT, I haven't actually seen a neurologist yet, still on the waiting list.

Has anyone else had a similar experience? What's likely to happen at this appointment? I'm autistic so not knowing what will happen stresses me out. It's freaked me out how soon it is

Thanks
##########
28M Intense negative afterimages: ophthalmologist saw optic nerve swelling but unsure about next steps
Hi everyone! I’ve been suffering from intense negative afterimages, including photophobia, worsened light/dark adaption and occasional blind spots (tiny dots like dead pixels) as well as bright flashes (like a small piece of ripped paper) for three months after two migraine auras on two consecutive days (without headache).

My neurologist wants to rule out any other conditions before diagnosing me with persistent migraine auras status and/or visual snow syndrome. He did a blood panel (recoverin antibodies) and has set me up for a lumbar puncture that is due next month and recommended to have my eyes checked by an ophthalmologist in the meantime.

After the dilated eye exam, OCT scan and two ophthalmologist looking into my eyes and discussing their findings, they have referred me to an eye clinic (here in Germany Uniklinik) and recommended further blood panels because my optic discs are slightly swollen and hyperemic on both eyes. However, the ophthalmologists are unsure what to make out of their finding and thus referred me to specialists. 

My neurologist followed up with VEP which came back clear and another blood panel which came back clear, too. He now also asked the hospital that the opening pressure be measured during the upcoming lumbar puncture. 

I am increasingly getting worried about my eye sight and wanted to share my story hoping to either find anyone with similar symptoms and/or specialists who could shed some further light on my condition or ideas, which I could bring up to my doctors on my upcoming appointments. 

Any insight would be much appreciated.

(Caucasian, non-smoker, no alcohol, no underlying medical conditions.)
##########
45 F Filamentary keratitis info?
I am wondering if anyone here has a good source of info on filamentary keratitis. I am a patient with this, and I wanted to read up more on possible treatment/management options ideas before I head back to my ophthalmologist. It's making my daily life awful and I'm thinking there has to be some more relief to discuss with my Dr.
##########
45 F Just diagnosed with RCE and feeling overwhelmed
I'm 45F, no smoking, drinking or drugs. Two days ago, I woke up feeling like my left eye wouldn't open. Then came the horrible pain - it felt like my eye was on fire. This has happened to me before over the last couple years - it just wasn't painful to this degree. Prior to this, I thought my eyes were just dry and had no clue how serious it was. I’m 45 with 20/20 vision and never had any eye issues prior to this. This time, though, I had lots of eye watering and it took a significant amount of time for the pain to subside. I noticed my vision was cloudy and blurry (I don't recall this happening before). If I covered my right eye (my good eye), everything was blurry and I couldn’t read. This went on all day. Unfortunately, it was a Sunday and urgent care could only prescribe Polytrim and tell me to go to ER or see an eye doctor first thing on Monday.

I saw the eye doctor yesterday. My vision test showed 20/20 in my right eye and 20/25 in my left eye(since I still have blurriness) and he found what he called a defect on my left eye and said I had re-occurring corneal erosions. This was a surprise to me, as I don’t recall having any eye trauma in that eye other than a really bad infection (viral) a few years ago that was eventually cleared with antibiotic eye drops. He told me to continue with the antibiotic eye drops 3x a day, use Refresh PM ointment 3 times a day for a week, then just at night for life, and then since I work at a computer all day Systane Complete PF drops every 2-3 hours. 

I couldn’t find Refresh PM anywhere, so I ended up getting Systane Nighttime Ointment. The doctor recommended using a clean Q-tip or a clean finger to get it in. The Q-tip method didn’t work so well. My eye itched and burned afterward and it felt like I had something foreign in it. Upon waking up, my eye is still scratchy feeling (but it also seems irritated from all the drops the doctor put in yesterday). I’m hesitant to try and get this ointment in 3 times a day with work, but I’ll try. My questions are:

Is some eye irritation normal with Systane ointment or is it just that I had so many different drops that day? Is there something better to use? I’m nervous with all the recalls recently. 

Doing the ointment 3x per day + the artificial tears + the antibiotic seems like a lot (even for a week). He said I need to apply the ointment every night for life. I'm nervous about long term effects but maybe that's just my anxiety. Is there an easier way of getting it in my eye? I find it too difficult to get it in without touching the tip to my lid accidentally.

It’s day 3 and my vision is getting less blurry each day, but it’s not fully back to normal. Is this typical?

I’m terrified that my eye might not heal right and don't know what caused this. Would love to talk to others who have been through this. This was all very sudden and I’m still trying to process it. 
##########
33 m - First Prescription. Am I being scammed?
[ as the title says, first prescription in my life. I’m 33, and spend most of my days on screens, and working with small pieces of jewelry (body piercer). When I’m not working, I’m playing video games, I’m on my phone, amongst other things, obviously, but those things make up a huge portion of my day. When I’m at work, I’m using a computer for scheduling and inventory purposes, and downtime I’m on my phone. Also, focusing on small objects with great precision.

The last few years I’ve been experiencing more headaches, and towards the end of the day I’m really struggling to keep focus, and straining. Went in, and these were my results. I was told it’s a minor prescription, but the RELAX5 is going to be really beneficial to my symptoms.

My coworkers are saying I’m being scammed into a “fancy blue light reader” pair of glasses. And online researches shows a 50/50. What are your thoughts?
##########
21M, Wondering if I should try to get a sooner eye exam than the one a sketchy eye doctor suggested for me
Having visual disturbances, wondering if I should try and get a sooner examination

So about a month ago I felt like my eyes were more sensitive than usual. I was looking in one place outside for about a minute and when I looked away i could still see someone’s neon orange shirt for a while, and I feel like the mark left from looking at lights or sun reflections have been lasting longer than usual. 

I decided to go to the eye doctor, and the day before I noticed blue squiggly lines in my vision while i was trying to sleep, only in one area of my eye and only in one eye I believe. They wriggled around like worms for about 15 seconds then went away, which was concerning. I had also started occasionally seeing a small black dot in my vision, which usually appears in different spots and only lasts for about five seconds. Whats concerning is I can see it with my eyes closed too, so it’s not a normal floater from what I can tell. 

I told these to my eye doctor and she said that I looked fine in the non-dilated scan, but she recommended a dilated exam since it could be “threatening to vision” but it’s going to be almost a month until then (I should also mention this isn’t a very well regarded eye doctor, everyone there was joking with eachother, and they didn’t have the professionals there in person, only on call)

Since then my symptoms have continued, I’ve seen the blue squiggles three more times, all while I’m trying to sleep on different nights, and I’ve seen many of the black dots, sometimes none but usually one or two a day
##########
24m - eye irritated for a week since getting exfoliating face wash in it
So a week ago I got some exfoliating face wash (with allegedly naturally derived microbeads, whatever that means) in my eye and ever since it has felt irritated, like something is in it. There is no redness, change to my vision, or discharge.

I have seen three seperate optometrists who have all said there is no scratch and nothing under the lid. The first two suggested lubrication throughout the day and third suggested antihistamine drops, none of which has helped.

Any ideas?
##########
15F - Staccato vision (series of static images) during Migraine.... What vocab words describe this, i.e, is this "strobing", and "aura", something else?
My teen has multiple issues, and a host of docs;  one of her challenges is recurring migraines.  Her neurologist did MRI and CATSCAN and they're normal.  Her opthamologist says eye health is good too.

While we wait for our next neuro appointment, I'd like to do a little reading about a new symptom she just told me about, and am hoping folks here can suggest some vocab to look up, or even better, some links to read.

Apparently, when she has a debilitating migraine and she moves, her vision seems to have "missing frames". Like any teen with nerd parents, she describes it in terms of screen use, saying there is a "frame rate problem". There aren't any bright lights, and objects remain where they should be in 3d space (there is no jittery up/down or left/right movement).  It is more like the old fashioned deck of cards with the cartoon drawings, only a few cards have been replaced with blank cards, so when the deck is riffled to make the cartoon play, some frames are just blank, making for choppy motion.  She says it is like moving through a blacked out room with normal room lighting strobing (no crazy bright flashes)

Is this a type of aura? Any other words I might look up to read about? Never fear, we're not into self diagnosis and freak out;  I'd just like to have more baseline knowledge when we next talk to the neuro.

Thanks
##########
43F. Optometrist confused about images, but I'm more confused


Caucasian, MGD, ocular rosacea, new onset constant headaches and worsening double vision. 

Underlying conditions: Systemic Sarcoidosis with multi organ disease, hEDS, Hereditary Alpha Tryptasmia Syndrome, ongoing testing for Mastocytosis. Demodex related to immunosuppressants-Humira biosimilar 40mg weekly. 3 years of daily Amoxy-Clav (Chronic sepsis) but off of them for now. 

My optometrist mentioned a few things he saw in my scans, but wasn't able to explain one and didn't explain the other. 

I thought I could use my scans and some journals+pubmed to see what he was talking about just out of curiosity, but nope, they look like every other picture of eye scans I see lol

In the Retinal imaging he said the grey areas around the perimeter were unusual, but they had reduced since my last scan so he wasn't worried. 

I see a lot of retina scans with the same grey spots and no mention of them being unusual, so I'm not sure if that was even what he was talking about.

In the OTC scans (In case I have the wrong term, it's the black and white scan), he said I had more variation and unevenness going on than normal, but didn't say why. I forgot to ask at the end of the appointment. 

Overall my eyes are healthy considering my palliative state, so I'm not concerned there's anything wrong he hasn't noticed.

I'd just like to know what he's seeing in the images that I can't figure out!
##########
40f- mystery of my right eye
40f no drugs or alcohol hashimotos being monitored but no medications. 

In 2018 I was struck on my right eye in a fight  and noticed a dark curtain that would come and go. No other symptoms. Had my eyes dilated after that and it was normal. 

Eyes were normal ever since then. Had annual exams and nothing came up. But only with an opto not ophto. 

Last March was hit in the right eye again with a soccer ball and felt pain. Since then my eye has just been weird. Felt weird and heavy and sometimes I feel pain in my head as well. Never saw a neurologist. 

I stopped wearing contacts and switched to glasses. Only wore contacts a handful of times since March and very uncomfortable. 

Been to the opto 3x and ophto 3x. did retinal scan at opto and visual field test all normal. Ophto did an eye dilation at last exam no issues except they said my nerves look on the thinner side and they want to do another vision field test. I said the last one was normal they said that’s good but we want you in our system. My eye pressure was fine. They said some people have thinner nerves generally. 

Ophto says I have dry eyes so I use preservative free single use drops fairly regularly. 

I want to know why it is during moments of stress in my life and there are many I feel pain and ache in that eye same dull pain and ache. That eye has more prominent veins as well. I also notice more floaters than before since last March. 

I feel like something is going on with me and no body knows. I am not sure what else to do at this point. I feel like the healthcare system has let me know. I’m genuinely worried I’m losing sight in my right eye. 

Vision is fine otherwise. Besides the floaters and dull ache I occasionally get like a mucus secretion on the right eye which causes momentary blur but goes away upon blinking. 

My work is all on a computer screen. I wear blue light blockers. On nights I use screens before bed my vision is worse and I avoid doing it. Even though again prior  to last March I didn’t have any issues.
##########
25F- Double Vision
The picture is the best way I can explain it. When looking straight and focusing on my finger, or an object, or looking/focusing at any object; The blue is the field of vision I can see normally, and the red is anything I focus on where it turns double. Like two projectors showing the same image but one is 6 inches to the left and rotated slightly clockwise. I have an appointment with my PCP but do i ask for a referral to an optometrist, an
ophthalmologist or a neurologist? Thank you in advance.



I don’t know how long I have had this. I have Anxiety and Depression, and my Mother and Aunt have MS.
##########
33F Can dry eyes cause astigmatism or astigmatism like symptoms?
I have never worn glasses or needed them. This year in June, I noticed my eyes felt like there was something in them and it hurt, so I got my eyes checked out. I was told I had dry eye and sent away with drops. A month later I went back because they weren't helping and I noticed ghosting text, only to find out I now had -.50 CYL astigmatism in my left eye and -.25 CYL in my right. I was told to keep up with the drops and put on Restasis. I also use a warm compress and drops all day. I went back one week ago for a check up and my astigmatism increased to -.75 in my left and -.75 in my right. The ghosting is getting more noticeable and its worrying me. The optometrist said we will monitor it, but I have no clue why this is happening after I got dry eye. Can dry eye mimic astigmatism/cause it? I'm 33 and never had any eye issues. 20/20 my entire life and no dry eye. I got bloodwork done for diabetes, test for Sjögren's syndrome, topography, everything because I've been so worried. All came back fine. I'm healthy..
##########
0F, Aniridia. Looking for any insight on any current developments.
My 2-week old just got diagnosed with aniridia. I find it very difficult to find information regarding new developments.

Specifically the effectiveness of colored contacts for kids, public availability of ataluren eye drops, potentially even artificial iris surgery? Or other recent developments???

The latter I wouldnt do until shes old enough to make a decision for herself but I'm trying to get informed for the time being. I saw FDA approval by humanoptics in 2018 for iris implants, but since then I can find hardly any info on it.
Any insight beyond "glasses and hats" would be appreciated. Also some encouragement.
##########
40M - Measuring astigmatism and related questions
The astigmatism shows up as mostly vertical double vision (lines going up-dow are doubled) and the effect disappears with a pinhole and sometimes when squinting.

How can I tell if different new sources of astigmatism are developing if I already had astigmatism?

Is there a test that measures and quantifies astigmatism, other than indirectly through cyl+axis?

How come most of the double vision disappears when correcting only for myopia with a sphere-only lens?

Is it possible to get lenses that only corrects astigmatism but not myopia? Would something like -2x cyl +x sph work?

Are there any long term negative effects of wearing "glasses" that are just pinholes?

(Subreddit requested details: I'm looking for general non case specific info but the other subreddit doesn't allow posting anymore. Duration: as far as I can remember. No medications, don't drink, smoke, and/or use recreational drugs.)
##########
20M One eye/eyelid seems smaller than the other
I'm 20 M, 5'6-5'7 and 80 kgs, Non smoker.
I have no issues in vision. I can see clearly and the last time I had gone to the opthalmologist, the vision test said I had no problems.
But whenever I see myself, it feels like one of my eye is smaller than the other. That wasn't the case when I was younger. I think this has started within the past 4 years. It just makes me feel self conscious. Any reasons for it? 
By the eye being smaller, I think it's mostly the eye lid drooping etc.  Not the eye itself probably. I'll be attaching a picture below.

I take Atorvastatin, a tablet of Uric Acid levels, Metformin, 10mg Escitalopram Oxalate, and Clonazepam + Propranolol. I think I had this problem before I started these medications .

I'll be attaching a picture below.


Thank you
##########
25/M Eye dilation
Hello, so i've been having problems with my prescription lately with different things being said by different doctors. I've almost been having dilated exams weekly for the past month  and am scheduled for another eye exam with a different doctor. Are there any risks involved with having dilated eye exams in a short span of time like this? Does it cause any damage?
##########
21F Constantly fluctuating vision in one eye
happened 3 years ago but it was both eyes and I was told it was just stress, it went away within a week but it has come back in only one eye and has been around for over a month Both my parents are registered blind one has a detached retina as well as other issues and the other has some rare eye condition, colour blind and retinitis pigmentosa, just wondering if I should see an optician/ doctor especially with the family history or is there some home remedies I could try
-don't drink, smoke or do drugs -last eye test was in July • eyes don't seem dry • I do wear glasses don't know my perception but its very small • kinda feel pressure around the eye but I can't tell if I'm just imagining it or not‍♀️
##########
27F Patches on eye?
I have these weird patches on my eye that cause slight irritation. Going to have them looked at but wondering if anyone knows what they are?

It feels like I’ve put a contact in wrong, not unbearable just a little irritation in the inner corner of my eye. 


##########
35F fixation disparity test question, will this affect my prescription?
hi all,

I had an eye exam and came home wondering about the significance of this test (thanks r/Ophthalmology for helping me ID it!):



I was simply asked "do the red lines more or less form a cross?" and the answer to that was "yes"... 

But now, having read about the test in detail I'm wondering if I was asked a leading question (as per  i.e I wasn't asked 
"Are the two red lines exactly in line with each other or are they out of line?"

because the answer to that is that I didn't see a crisp red cross as pictured, but that the left horizontal (9 o'clock position) line was about half to one lines' width lower than the right horizontal line, with some blurring/ghosting above it.

Is this going to significantly affect my prescription (-3.00/-1.75 with astigmatism)? I possibly do have left eye higher than the right, or that's how it appears when looking at the alignment of my eyes in relation to the top of my glasses, if that's at all relevant.

thanks
##########
30M Brown Spot in both eyes
Hello All 

I'm a 30M Asian and I never smoke or drink or do recreational drugs.

I have this dark brown spot in left eye which I believe I had since High School however it got dark over time

The brown spot I noticed not too long ago when looking at past vacation photos looks like it's been there for about 3 years 

Any help would be appreciated 

Here is the link for the photos



Thanks
##########
37 F post op (cataract), high pressure (31), pitosis, MG, maybe eye drops reaction? Please help.
Post op (cataract), high pressure, pitosis (bad), reaction to drops possible? Help me please. 

37F

I had laser cataract surgery on Thursday and my first post op today. My eye is still healing and my pressure is 30 so they put something in my eye there and told me to go get a prescription on the way home. 

I should note that my pressure is usually in the mid 20s and was 25 in my pre op eye today. I take steroids (Prednisone)daily 5+ years 20+mg. 

  
Anyway, I got home wait a bit and put this brimonidine tartrate in my eye. shortly after (like 15 minutes?) i noticed triple vision and that my eye muscles felt weak. I got worsening pitosis quickly and one lid nearly totally closed. 

I have well controlled Myastenia Gravis and this feels exactly like that weakness but thankfully not generalized symptoms.

However, I called the eye doctor and they said this medication cant cause pitosis and would treat it and that my reaction is unrelated and to see my neurologist. I can't find information about brimonidine alone aggravating MG but some reference to "muscle weakness" I can't believe it is not related. My MG has been stable for a long time and it had been a long time since I had this much muscle weakness in my face and eye. 

  
Also, how long can I go around with an eye pressure of 30 because they said to stop the drops and call my neurologist but getting in there will take weeks. 

  
I am supposed to have surgery on my other eye Thursday and I don't want to delay but I am also not sure about continuing now either. 

Don't smoke drink or use drugs. 

I do take corlanor and Wellbutrin in addition to the steroids. Also, reclast and rutimab.
##########
2F Toddler looked into barcode scanner for prolonged period and I'm panicking
An hour ago we were at the store checking out through self serve, a staff member came over to assist me with an issue and I took my eyes of my toddler (2.5 and strapped into her pram) for a couple of minutes whilst sorting out the issue with the machine. When I looked back, my toddler had grabbed the scanner and was pointing it directly into her eyes from about 10cm away. 
I can’t be sure how long she was going this, and she didn’t seem overly bothered/ was not looking away from the light. 

I looked into it myself out of panic and was left with a red light in my vision for a minute of two. 

I’ve asked my toddler to identify a range of objects and her vision doesn’t seem to be affected (although I know this isn’t solid evidence). 

I am extremely concerned about permanent damage to her eyes. 

It is a public holiday here in Western Australia so I have no idea who to call for advice regarding this. 

Thank you in advance
##########
33F, recurring pink eye 6x post Covid.
Hi all, 

As mentioned, I have had an ongoing battle with pink eye since August 4th, and it is now September 23rd. I had Covid the week of July 14th, a couple weeks prior. I work in pediatric healthcare, and my coworkers, as well as a few kids, also got Covid and pink eye at the same times I did. 

 The first go around was *horrendous*. My right eye swelled up larger than a golf ball, was sealed shut, and oozed for a week. I got antibiotic drops from a telehealth doc on day 2 and continued the treatment for the full course. This same severity of pink eye happened to me a year and a half prior. Eye clears up, I go back to work a week after it started. 

Two days after returning to work, I wake up with pink eye in the other (left) eye. It does not swell the same, but is still horribly red, itchy, and wakes me up every morning sealed shut. I take the drops again in this eye. This lasts another week, then clears up.  I make sure to throw out ANY makeup that may have been contaminated, even though I hadn’t used the makeup when I first caught pink eye. 

August 28th I wake up with my left eye sealed shut again. Pink, itchy, oozing. Take the drops (as directed by my doctor). Goes mostly away in roughly 3-4 days. 

 
Since then, I’ve had 3 more occasions now where I wake up to an extremely itchy eye, discharge and the typical deep pink/redness, mostly back in the right eye.  It does not just look like allergies either, though I’m not saying an allergic reaction isn’t causing this. They don’t last as long or as severe, but it also feels like it just never fully goes away and I have a chronic itch or grittiness that I’ll feel every day until I wake up yet again with full blow pink eye.  

 I am seeing my functional medicine doctor tomorrow, after dealing with PCP and teleheath doc throughout this ordeal, but if anyone has any suggestions or experienced something similar please share. 

What makes me confused is that I would think it would be something at home causing this or an allergic reaction if it weren’t for the fact that I had so many coworkers also catch pink eye. I also mention Covid because they also had Covid, and I’ve read that Covid was causing pink eye for some time. 


Thanks in advance, and my apologies for the novel. This has been horribly difficult to deal with since I feel like every other week I will wake up with this terrible infection over and over again.
##########
35M Corectopia?
I noticed my pupil appears to be slightly off center. Does this look like Corectopia? I have a slight feeling of pressure in the eye, but it is not consistent.



9 years ago I had an mTBI from a car accident, but felt better after a while. 7 days ago I was on a slow amusement park ride and was bumped at slow speed by the sled behind mine. Doesn’t seem like enough force to reinjure, nor am I certain that the only symptom other than a slight headache would be corectopia. I did not have uneven pupils at any point.

Thank you
##########
43F; Hello, my s.o. recently got hybrid contacts that are both soft and hard. She wanted to ask others how long it took to get used to them?
She has only been wearing them for two days but can only have them in for about 4 hours before they get really dry. She added eye drops but that lasted for only about ten minutes before getting dry again.

What is every one else's experiences with them?
##########
30M ‘Diagonal Vision’
Hi. 

Within 5 weeks I’ve had two episodes lasting only minutes in my right eye. 5 weeks ago I had a blurry ‘patch’ on my left eye. Went to the toilets to wash it (thinking it could be dirt etc) I then thought my face had dropped and my right eye vision was off. When I left the toilets my vision in the right eye was lower than the left. I thought I was having a stroke/TIA went to A&amp;E all fine - I have since had MRI’s, bloods, two eye exams at hospital and eye centre. I have been told I have chronic dry eye and supplied drops. 

When my right eye drops, it’s in the vision. If I look at someone’s face, their left eye looks 2 inches lower than their right - I don’t think I see double of anything I just see lower - Within the two episodes I’ve had panic attacks straight after/during. I haven’t been able to get a picture, I hope it doesn’t happen again but if it does I will. 

The second occasion I was at work again. I felt a hot place top of my head and my ear was red hot. Went to the toilet to look and my eye had dropped again in vision - thus a second appointment to A&amp;E to be told I’m fine. 

Since, I have a new collection of floaters in my right eye and sensitive to light. 

Any advice is appreciated
##########
24M Can feel the back/inside of my eye “fill up” with fluid after certain activities
Hello all! I’m 24M and over the past few weeks I’ve had this feeling that comes and goes of fluid filling up inside my eye (in the very back/underside of my eye) and just want to know the possibilities on what it could be! In 2021 I had head trauma that caused retinal detachment in my left eye, I was basically blind beforehand in that eye so I opted not to get the scleral buckling procedure done because my specialist at the time said I’d never be able to do the physical activities I did at that point anymore (gym and basketball) which I’ve been advised that he is probably wrong about by talking to other specialists. Anyway 2-3 weeks ago I had a colonoscopy to see if I had caught something/had anything abnormal going on as I lost 40 lbs in a month as well as my appetite along with abdominal pain. When I woke up from my colonoscopy I went home and took a nap. When waking up from that nap my eye felt really scratchy and watery (but no tears would come out) so I attributed it to dry eye. After playing sports later that week I had this odd feeling of fluid inside the back of my blind eye and the vision in that eye being abnormally darker than usual. It went away after a while but any prolonged bending, any movements that require exertion and even intercourse/orgasm cause this weird feeling in my eye. I have an appointment with a retinal specialist Friday but I’ve been curious to see what it could be. I personally believe it to be Valsalva retinopathy or something but I find it best not to WebMD myself to death lol. Thank you all in advance!
##########
30M - Fixalpost low resting HR
Greetings,

LE: secondary glaucoma, 3x vitrectomy (last in 2011), sph: -5.5 - Fixalpost 1x per day in the evening  
RE: late 2021 in 3-4 months: multiple detachments, 1x gas bubble, 2x scleral buckle, lots of laser, sph: -3.25 - no meds

My question:  
I am quite active, allot of cardio. I noticed my resting HR droping to 39-41 in the morning at work in the office. Could this be Timolol getting into blood from Fixal post since I notice lows about 12h after drops taken.

Source, garmin watch: Last drops were taken on 15th in the evening:

6 days without: 46.5 bpm, low 45  
6 days: average before: 42.5, low 39
##########
28M Retinal detachment during lens implant surgery; what next
* In September 2023 I was hit with a detached dremel bit in the eye. I had a perforating eye injury on my left eye, which was operated in 24h. Only light perception. Left with aniridia and aphakia and prognosis of blindness on the left eye.
* October 2023, retinal detachment after the perforating injury in the eye. PPV with heavy silicone oil. Vision slowly gets better; BCVA 20/70. Some slight PVR changes.
* May 2024: silicone oil removal and an attempt to put in Artisan IOL, which fails as the aniridia is too bad and there's not enough of iris to suture the lens to. The eye is left aphakic, filled with gas for 2 weeks.
* September 2024: The retina is stable without the silicone oil, the IOP is 12mHg. Hospital attempts another IOL implant: this time it's Carlevale scleral lens (I'm in the EU). I was told that during the surgery, when they made incisions in the eye to implant the lens, the retina partially detached near the PVR area, and they had to abandon the lens implantation, and instead did a vitrectomy with laser and silicone oil filling. BCVA 20/200

So now I am back to having silicone oil in my eye, still aphakic and with aniridia. The vision seems to slowly get a bit better, but without a lens and iris, it's of course extremely blurry and I'm very photophobic.

The doctors told me that my case is very complicated, and that in trauma cases like mine, they often have to enucleate the eye. Currently, I feel pretty lost. The surgeon said that he wants to wait a long time (6-12 months) now for the eye to heal before making any new decisions. However, he also told me that he thinks that it'd be best to keep the silicone oil permamently now, **and that the eye should just be kept monitored without any further interventions, as any future surgeries could do more harm than good.**.

I'm wondering about your opinions. My private ophthalmologist told me before that it still makes sense to try to restore as much vision as possible, and not to abandon hope. Being left aniridious and aphakic sucks, as I get blinded outside...
##########
38M opacity after corneal abrasion
Had a corneal abrasion two days ago.  Went to urgent care yesterday and got some antibiotic drops.

The pain and sensitivity has decreased quite a bit, but my eye is still completely red, and upon waking up today I have some dramatic opacity in the eye making everything blurry.

Is this part of the healing process that will subside with more time, or is this a sign of permanent damage?  I have an appointment at an eye doctor on Monday. 

Any insight would be most appreciated.
##########
25F Flashes question from an ophthalmic tech
Hi there. I'm a technician/scribe for a busy ophthalmic practice and just experienced an episode of flashing that I'm not sure if I should reach out to my clinic on a Saturday about.

I know "flashes like a camera going off" accompanied by a dark veil/curtain/cobwebs and floaters are signs of an RD. The "flashing" I experienced wasn't quite like a camera, moreso like a lightning bug. I saw it with my right eye in the far right side of my peripheral vision, and thinking it actually was a lightning bug that made it into my bathroom, I tried to follow it. It flashed again in the same spot 2 more times and stopped. I now have a kind of dull ache under my brow and inside my eye. I've had a floater in that eye for about 9 months and I'm not having the veil or curtain. I'm also a myope, but not really high prescription. 


 Is this something I should call my clinic about right now or just have one of the docs take a look at Monday?
##########
29F Persistent sub-retinal fluid post retinal detachment surgery. 2 conflicting opinions from doctors. Treat or wait?
Hi I am looking for some help on what you would do in this situation \~4 months post retinal detachment surgery.

Caucasian female 29, drink occasionally, smoke - no 

Timeline for context:

29th May - notice sharp eye pain, loss of peripheral vision and distortion

30th May - go to optician who confirms retinal detachment and refers to hospital ; OCT photo pre surgery: [

1st June - scleral buckle surgery with cryotherapy at Moorfields Eye Hospital in London, presumably this is selected due to being quite a young patient.

24th June - first follow up, confirm surgery went well however a lot of persistent sub-retinal fluid remains, advise is to wait a month and see if it reabsorbs. OCT photo: [ &amp; [

20th July - second follow up, very little change in sub-retinal fluid, doctor advises to wait further and arranges a follow up for 2 months time. OCT photo: [

20th September - 3rd follow up with a private doctor in Poland as I happened to be in Poland and my mum wanted to get this checked again. Doctor advises immediate vitrectomy and refers to specialist for operation, advises that if I don't do this I will go blind as the photoreceptors will die. OCT photo: [ &amp; [

21st September (Today) - I flew back home to the UK. I am not sure what to do as one doctor is saying to wait and another is saying it is an emergency and I must do the vitrectomy. Looking at my photos, whenever I see anyone else have fluid in their eye, the photos show very minimal fluid, not like mine which is basically still detached. I have my peripheral vision back but I feel like my eyesight is slowly getting dimmer and dimmer, and i have basically no night vision now in that section of the eye. I am worried that if I wait as the UK doctor advises, then those photoreceptors will die and this is not reversible. I am contemplating to go to emergency tomorrow and ask for the vitrectomy operation. The Polish doctor was extremely persistent that I must get this operated asap if I want to retain my vision.

Based on the above and photos attached what would you advise please?

Also, the surgery was said to be 'macula on' however, in the later scans it seems that now the macula is off is this a further cause for concern?
##########
29M - issue with distance between far away objects disappearing.
Hey everyone! I hope you might be able to help me with an issue I‘m having.

I‘m 29, male, don‘t smoke or drink and am generally healthy. I do have some eye conditions, however. I have amblyopia in my right eye, which was patched when I was a child. Currently, my vision in that eye sits somewhere between 20/20 and 20/25. My left eye is dominant and usually suppresses the central vision of my right eye (I will explain the usual below). My right eye is also slightly esotropic when I look at things further away than a couple inches from my face. Lastly, I have moderate / high myopia, as my left eye sits at -4.75 and my right eye at -4.5.

My issue: For some time now, probably a couple of months, I have experienced a weird kind of vision problem where the distance between objects further away would disappear or diminish. For example, I might focus on a stop sign down the road and the one on the other side of the street would appear really close to it in my peripheral vision. It is also really apparent when I‘m in a car. (Don‘t worry, I don‘t have a driver‘s licence, so there‘s no risk of me causing an accident!). On the road, especially on a highway, when a car overtakes the one I‘m in, it feels as if one of my eyes fixates on the road ahead while the other drifts to the overtaking car. As a result, it appears as if the two lanes merge in my vision.
I also have some issues with reading text at certain intermediate distances. Although the letters are large enough for me to read, when I trace the line with my eyes, the letters become smushed or I lose my place in the line. This is generally not an issue at closer distance, such as reading on a computer.

I had my last eye exam at the beginning of july. My prescription didn‘t change much then. I had an increase of -0.25 in bith eyes, resulting in the description above. The optometrist mentioned that -4.5 would suffice for my left eye, but I could also increase it to -4.75. I opted for the latter as I really struggled to read road signs from the same distance as my friends that had been corrected to 20/20.

Could you help me with these symptomps? Could it be that my esotropia is decompensating? And if so, what would my possible treatment options be? I will consult an opathmologist, but, because I‘m currently still abroad for my PhD until late December, I have to schedule the appointment for January 2025.

I really appreciate all your input!
##########
20M, I Don't Know how to Describe my Vision
My whole life, I've had a very hard time seeing out of my left eye. My right eye is perfectly fine, and if I have both eyes open everything seems normal. But if I close my right eye, everything looks off. 

I've never been able to describe what it looks like, because it isn't blurry at all, but I can't really focus on anything. I can differentiate between objects with the eye just fine. Everything looks very sharp, yet I just can't focus on any small details. I have a very hard time reading with just that eye.

Can't emphasize enough though, "blurry" is not the right word to describe it. Nothing's ever felt blurry to me.

Does anyone know what this is?
##########
40M small paracentral dot scotoma 10 o'clock
Hi, I'm 40 years old. My OCT scan showed no issues slit lamp no issues eye pressure normal, but I still have a paracentral small dot scotoma at 12 o'clock left eye. Any ideas, advice, or help? For example, when the mouse cursor gets to that spot, it completely disappears. No medication no high blod pressure no diabetes.
##########
35F Advice Requested, Doctor Told Me I am Doomed
Hello everyone,

I am looking for some feedback. I recently had an appointment where the doctor told me I am “doomed”. While I don’t think that’s necessarily true, I am looking for more insight into how and why my vision is what it is, and what I can do about it as I age. I had a good doctor until they retired and saw this new one through a different provider, will not be going back and am trying to find another specialist but in the meantime thought I would pose some questions here.

Details/History:

* 35 female, white/Caucasian, do not smoke or use drugs
* Marfans syndrome, astigmatism, myopia, macular pucker, secondary angle glaucoma with pupillary block
* Lensectomy, left eye – no lens replacement due to age, result aphakic
* Lensectomy, right eye – no lens replacement due to age, result aphakic
* Detached retina, left eye – scleral buckle, cryo, vitrectomy – inner retinal defect x3
* DESK transplant due to extreme corneal edema, right eye - stable
* Detached retina, right eye – vitrectomy, laser (this was most recent, 2022)
* Primary symptoms persistent after detached retina: continued salt/pepper shaker floaters, large floaters that come and go, light sensitivity, persistent flashes in periphery also ring of flashing light in right eye, persistent afterimages that linger for a long time, persistent auras/halos, peripheral vision loss, significant visual snow (that worsens when one eye is blocked or closed), blurry spots, etc.

Here are some excerpts from last good doctor visit:

* OCT impressions: OD: 268 GFD HRPE MILD STAPH NO CME OR SRF and OS: 254 IRREG FD NO FTMH NO CME RPE DISRUPT CENT
* Slit lamp: OD: K DSEK(FLAT GOOD POSITION)CENT 1 MILD FOLD TEMP FINE PIG ON ENDO SURG APHAKIC OS: K CLR SURG APHAKIC, AC QUIET
* Fundus exam:  OS:V20/20 P/S .6C PPFIB INF, PIG DEMARC NASAL EXT TO EDGE OF OPTIC NERVE HEAVY PIGMENTED LASER SPOTS, CENT RPE DISRUPT, FIB IT TO UMBO NO FTMH , EXT CRYO AND BUCKLE INF OD:V20/20 P/S .4C DRAIN SITE 4MM NASAL TO NERVE, MAC FLAT NO CENT ERM OR CME, RETINA FLAT GOOD PERIPH LASER FLAT 360 INDIRECT OD: FLAT , NO HOLES OR BREAKS
* OS --MAC SCAR/RPE DISRUPTION STABLE NO CNVM.
* OD GFD, HRPE NO ERM OR CME

Questions/reason for posting:

1. I know mostly what’s going on with my eyes but I do not have a full understanding of the excerpts above due to the medical shorthand. Would anyone be able to interpret?
2. Given my history and persistent symptoms, do you agree with the assessment that I am “doomed” in a sense? I can see with glasses and structurally doctors say that I am stable. I just have with issues on peripheral, blurry spots in central, and significant and persistent visual disturbances (floaters, flashes, afterimages, snow, etc.) but given what I’ve mentioned in this post, what are things I can expect as I age?
3. With all of the pieces above, how would you explain how my eye functions in a few sentences? I always think it's a combination of light not landing right in my eye due to myopia and having no lens to focus it, with a mixture of retina cell issues or something. But having an insight into the functionality would be helpful.

If there is a better place to ask these questions, please let me know. Thank you!
##########
50xx, can't close eyes fully
Mild congenital myopathy that, next to muscle fatigue when active seems to cause both tight joints and muscles that I can hardly activate (whether disuse or other reason unknown). just got muscle biopsy result, waiting for genetics. Just took 5 decades to get this life-long answer.

So basically I never realized this might be unusual. It seems like I don't fully close my eyes when I sleep. Don't notice it much at home because good curtains. On vacation I notice I wake up as soon as the sun comes up, and then I try to close my eyes to block out the light, and once I relax and nearly fall asleep my eyes open up a tiny bit again. And then I get annoyed. Or move my sleeping mask back into a better position. I mean, I can close my eyes consciously.

Sometimes in the morning, especially in winter when the air is very dry it takes a moment until I can see clearly. Tend to have lots of crusts in the morning, but no idea whether that's normal or not.

Thus is this something to discuss with an ophtalmologist or not? And is there anything I can do anyway?
##########
36M Glare effect occurred six weeks after PTK surgery
The worst part is that I wasn't sure about it at the last visit, because at that time it was really small and hard to notice.

Now, unfortunately, three days later, I can see it has worsened and is really annoying. I just finished using steroid drops and an antibiotic. I know that the glare effect can be one of the side effects of PTK/PRK/etc. But my doctor claimed at my last visit that my corneal epithelium is now perfectly clean and healed.

Should I wait and observe this condition for a longer period of time?

Has anyone experienced the haze effect many weeks after the procedure (I had no vision problems after phototherapeutic keratectomy, contrast was even better than before the surgery)?

I've read that light can be scattered by unevenly distributed cells in individual layers of the epithelium/stroma. I assume that this may not be noticeable during an slit-lamp eye exam, and that prolonged use of steroid drops won't help in this case?

Everything was fine (it didn't solved my main problem - double vision - but it looked like using contact lenses can help me this time) and now another stress...

Oh, one more thing I forgot to mention - I've had cataract surgery and capsulotomy before my PTK so that glare does not come form the lens or the capsule :(
##########
35F Optic Nerve Inflammation
Hi everyone! To make a long story short - I am in the midst of a diagnostic nightmare and searching for answers for my many new symptoms. Recently (in the last 3 weeks) the vision in my left eye has become increasingly blurry with occasional floaters. I had my vision corrected via PRK in 2020 and was at clear 20/10 vision one year ago. 

I saw an optometrist yesterday who noted that she sees some inflammation in my optic nerves and asked me to send the photos to my neurologist and follow up with my ophthalmologist ASAP. 

The potential inflammation in the optic nerves follows the diagnostic path I am currently on with the neurologist so this was not a shock to me, but I am struggling to find comparison photos to understand exactly what on these images shows inflammation of the optic nerves. 

Any feedback on what I’m looking at here, or suggestions for reliable sources that have clear images of healthy vs inflamed optic nerves would be greatly appreciated!


##########
27F Pink Eye the morning of a concert
Yesterday evening i had smoked some weed but noticed my left eye was more red than the right. this morning woke up and there was some dried gunk around the eye, a bit of discharge, still red. images: [

I'm going to run to an urgent care this afternoon to confirm the type of conjunctivitis and get a prescription if needed, but here's the thing: I have a concert tonight for one of my all time favorite artists tonight. Is there any way I can still go? It's an outdoor GA show so I could theoretically stay separated and just sit in the back. I'm willing to wear an eyepatch or something. Please say there's hope, I'll be heartbroken if I have to miss it....
##########
22F, Stye with no head for a month
22F, Indian, No medications or diagnosis. Don't drink/smoke etc 

A month ago,I sensed a tiny painful pimple forming on my upper eyelid. I did warm compressions that day about 4-5 times which then resulted into swollen eyelid overnight. The swelling stayed for 2 days and then i was left with a bump on my upper eyelid. It was only painful for a couple days. 

For context: I was studying for an exam and was stuck to a laptop for easily 6-7 hrs a day. Went to see an opthalmologist and he prescribed antibiotic drops and systane ultra (both 4x a day) for a month and hot water compressions (3x a day). He advised me to follow 20-20-20 rule to prevent eye strain. 

Now, I was regular with the drops but careless with water compression due to exam pressure. I only did it for about a week i guess. The stye never came to a head to drain itself. It's also soft and squishy after warm compresses and generally as well

I am not officially diagnosed with blepharitis but i noticed some flakes on my eyelid. Now it could be due to eye drops as well. I definitely struggle with dandruff and dry skin (flakes on my eyebrows). 10 days after the doctor's appointment, I had eyelid swelling in my other eye as well which lasted a day. Didn't do anything for the swelling. It went down on its own. I now gently scrub my eyelid with my finger and clean water atleast two times a day.
I also get clear tiny bubbles on my waterline frequently.(Attaching a photo from google in comments for reference). It usually goes away on its own within a day or so.

Now, the problem is- the bump is still there, although reduced in size. Absolutely painless. I don't feel it in my eye unless pressed with a finger. It's also not so noticeable to someone else. I'm done with the antibiotic drops. Should i continue with hot compressions now? Will it help? 

Also, I need to get a new prescription for my glasses as my vision has changed. Will this bump affect the result in any way?
##########
24M: Unusual Color Spread—Blue Light from Left Eye, Red Light from Right Eye After PRK Surgery
Hi everyone,

I’m hoping to get some insights or advice from anyone with medical expertise. Recently, I’ve been experiencing some unusual visual effects:

* My left eye seems to spread blue light, while the right eye spreads red light.
* This perception is consistent when looking at bright lights or certain colors.
* For context, my right eye underwent PRK surgery some time ago.

**Details:**

* **Age:** 24
* **Sex:** Male
* **Race:** Asian in the Pacific
* **Primary Complaint:** Unusual color perception in both eyes
* **Duration:** I just noticed it after my TransPrk
* **Lifestyle:** I do not smoke or use recreational drugs. I drink alcohol on rare occasions.

I haven’t experienced any pain or discomfort, but it’s definitely odd and has me concerned.

Has anyone encountered something similar? What could be causing this? Should I see an eye doctor or a neurologist?

Thanks in advance for any help or advice!
##########
6month F - Cocaine Eye Drops
My baby has slightly uneven pupils. Optometrist left testing for Horners up to us. She has no other symptoms. I’m trying to do my own research on the cocaine eye drops specifically with babies and I’m really not finding anything about risks/safety. Besides the a study talking about how people fail a cocaine urine test afterwards. My baby failing a drug test, who would have thought. I know I’m probably just freaked out because of the word Cocaine and she’s my baby. If it was me I wouldn’t care but developing mind and body and all that. Obviously want to rule out anything serious but i never thought i would have to be thinking about cocaine. If anyone can point me in a direction with more information (I’ll discuss more with the doctor to but wanted to see what I could learn in the meantime) I’d
##########
27, acute macular neuroretinopathy
Was diagnosed with AMN around 2 months ago, woke up with sudden blindness slightly left to the center of my left eye. Has improved slightly but has since stunted and resulted in a permanent blind spot. I’ve done well coping with it, though the uncertainty/rarity of AMN and little research does bring me down a bit as I can’t really find any information or support groups. Today I went back for a follow up and noticed I woke up this AM with another blind spot in my right eye (above my central vision). It appeared similarly to my first one, like I had looked at a light or something too long and got bad afterimage. I was sure I was going to end up with another blind spot but within an hour or so it disappeared. Didn’t seem to be scintillating like the ones I get with ocular migraines nor did I have any other symptoms of ocular migraine with it. Doctors did a scan of both of my eyes and my right eye seemed stable and no signs of AMN there and said perhaps it was something unrelated and not serious but I’m stressing myself out about it now of course. What could cause this? Could it really be as simple as just a random harmless eye thing? I did get OCT and other scans done so I guess that would have shown something serious, right? Could use some reassurance as I am pregnant and don’t wanna add more paranoia surrounding my health.
##########
26M Macular pucker symptoms gone!?
I (26M) was diagnosed with a macular pucker/epiretinal membrane about 9 months ago.
My vision at the time was 6/36, near enough blind in that eye.
I saw the opthalmologist who told me I'd need surgery but should check whether it was progressive or stationary and I was supposed to have a follow up appointment 3 months later but I assume I'm still on the waiting list (go NHS!).

The thing is, in the last 3 months, my vision in that eye has returned to about 80% of what I'd consider normal. There's still a bit of distortion and objects appear slightly different in size but I can see again, I can read a car registration plate at the regulation distance to be able to drive. I'm over the moon!

What I want to know is, I was told to expect to live my life with reduced vision and recurring cateracts post-surgery and now I'm back to living my life as normal. What the hell has happened? Is this normal? I saw the scans, I had a huge mound of scar tissue in my eye, how has that resolved itself?
I want to go for another OCT but with the state of the health service in this country, I'll be waiting a long time, any ideas of what is happening would be appreciated. Is this something a medical study might be interested in?
##########
21F, Red spot in vision
Hello all! Two days ago, I experienced a very high level of stress. Immediately after this stress, my eyesight OD became extremely cloudy and blurred, and then I began to see a spot in my lower temple vision. This spot was a translucent red, would turn the white text on my phone screen red, and would come in and out of focus. It lasted for about 2 hours.
Yesterday, the spot was gone but I’m experiencing pretty intense ocular migraines OD in my upper temple. They come and go and my right eye has stayed slightly cloudy in my peripheral vision for the past day or so. I’m also noticing that my eye feels a little strange, and i’m dealing with a foreign body sensation. 
I am a retinal opthalmology technician, and I am slightly worried about this. Should I bring this up to my MD, or will symptoms pass?
Thank you!
##########
30M Does minus cylinder stimulate accommodation at near just as minus sphere lens does?
As far as I know minus lens is a stimuli for accommodation when looking at near objects, but does it make a difference if it's a minus cylinder or minus sphere power?

Wearing minus sphere power glasses gives me a headache when looking at my computer screen, but also wearing minus cylinders does the same and I'm trying to figure out if it's the same mechanism (my accommodation) causing the problem in both cases.

e: My prescription is just pure cylinder: left -0.5 ax 20, right -0.5 ax 180 and I experience a pressure around and behind my eyes when using these glasses for computer work. In theory these glasses are well prescribed, but given they're too strong for me they would give my eyes an extra accommodation stimuli what would result in pressure behind my eyes. Does it make sense? Or it's impossible if there's no sph?
##########
41F Any help appreciated.
41F no major health issues, occasional smoking/drinking. Long time rgp lens wearer. I'm going to try to make this short because I annoy myself with the length of this story. In March 2024 something got in my right eye while doing yard work that hurt like hell. Eye became irritated, saw an ophthalmologist who gave me ointment/standard pink eye drops which I used in the right eye. Also gave me drops for dry eye. Honestly, I suspect I've always had dry eye and that my rgps when in good condition probably actually helped me not notice the condition. I can't tell you how but I knew the ointment wasn't a good idea, maybe because my eyes are sensitive to creams and oils. But my eyelid got fat and I got some tiny styes after starting it, I stopped the ointment and stayed on the pink eye drops and it went away and never came back. What did come back was infection in April some time, I had what I can only describe as mucus coming out of the one eye. Saw another doc who saw a chalazion under the lid. Took out my contact restarted the pink eye drops, things got better and I rocked on with life. Got comfortable in my rgps again, which don't judge me (were probably never properly disinfected and should've been thrown out) then in late July I wake up one day and BOTH eyes are now watering profusely. Diagnosed with follicular conjunctivitis/keratitis on my corneas. Throw out the RGPs officially. Took some more antibiotic drops, healed up the keratitis but she sends me to a specialist because the follicles aren't going away. He gives me an erythromycin ointment to put inside my eyes and albumin drops. Two days later after starting the ointment, blepharitis. But I'm so intent on healing my leaky watering eyes at this point I stay on it for seven days. See ANOTHER doc, she gives me keflex and neomycin drops. Watering goes away a lot. Still there but not enough to drip down my face. Does nothing for this damn blepharitis though. Decided to go back to the original doc I saw in March after getting something in my right eye this week. Diagnosed me with ocular surface disease..Severe dry eye, blepharitis, keratitis, and allergic conjunctivitis. He wants me to do doxy, a drop called FML, restasis, refresh relieva and pataday. This seems really excessive to me, I am scared to try so many things at once. I'm also scared what doxy will do to my gut health after being on keflex. What would you do? Right now I'm just using the albumin drops again and praying. Pic inserted of my bleph eyes and my normal eyes, I wake up to one glued shut usually and throughout the day they get better. Yes I'm wearing mascara don't come for me. I went to the store yesterday and washed it off right after. I've also started seabuckthorn oil and vitamin d and I am hydrating constantly.
##########
30, one eye red no pain
Hello all, i have a red right eye for more than a week now. I have been putting normal eye drop and seen ophthalmologist early this year for simular issue but seems like it sort of keep coming back.  The affected eye is stronger also as my left eye is abit blurry to see something from a distance. Any advice on how to prevent/remedy for it?

I have to use computer extensively throughout the day for my job and part time school.
##########
21M Should I go to the hospital for this eye irritation?
[M 21, AMAB] Should I go to the hospital for my irritated eye?



I was cleaning a remote with a clorox disinfectant wipe and a small drop of the liquid from it got into my eye. I poured water into my eye three times and then around 10 minutes later it felt watery so I went back to wash my eye out for 16 minutes straight (this was around 7 hours ago).  Now it’s 1 am the eye I rinsed is hurting and irritated and the area around my eyelid is red and was dry earlier but I can see out of it just fine but I did have a second of blurryness after I rubbed my eyelid once. Do you think it’s the chemical or my eye being irritated from the wash? And how long do I have to stop further eye damage if it is due to the chemical?
##########
17, one eye can't see far.
17F.

I'm asian.

So, my right eye is probably like, 720p and my left is like, 144p. Okay, in serious terms, my right eye is near perfect and my left is kinda blurry. I went to school and they gave me an eye check up. I struggled at level 5 and probably made so many mistakes in level 6 with the eye chart. I perfected it with my right eye though. I honestly thought I'd do better. We weren't even that far... My nurse told me to get a check up but, I kinda thought that it was normal to have a 'blurry eye'. The difference in the two are very obvious. Been like this, or atleast noticable, for 2-3 years atleast. Google said that it's normal but, I obviously trust professionals more with this subject. I'm planning on checking up tomorrow but, posting this here so someone could tell me that I'm stupid and it is normal last minute.

As of now, my right eye kinda aches but, I'm kinda used to that.
##########
27F mystery vision loss
27F, Germany, Caucasian, smoker, no alcohol because of psych meds

Medications: L-thyroxin, Fluoxetine, pill, occasionally a paracetamol

Diagnoses: schizoaffective disorder, hashimoto, asthma

So the genetic testing did only reveal what it’s not. No genetic cause at all and they said they did extensive genetic testing. Still talking about maculopathy. Which is I guess what it presents as but doesn’t tell them the cause? They did a test where they put EEG stuff on my head and I had to look at a screen that was showing lines (light and dark) that got smaller and smaller, which I had to do with lights out and then with lights on. OCT too, and auto fluorescence stuff (I’m sorry I can’t remember everything they did. All in all the doctor said that it has noticeably gotten worse. They now want to try a steroid therapy. I’m supposed to start it soon. 100mg the first day, then 80 and until I’m at 0. Next appointment is 27.9.. but they still don’t know what causes it. However due to the genetic testing not giving any results they think it’s inflammation caused and maybe even some sort of autoimmune stuff. I will also attach a translation of my last doctors letter (from May 2024I hope it’s understandable, I google translated it) 

The outpatient re-introduction of Mrs. X took place for follow-up and discussion of the findings after the last blood sample took place. The patient reported a progressive visual impairment for approx. 15 years. Currently, she has especially visual disturbances and problems with the change between light and dark since approx. March 2024.

Laboratory chemical diagnostics showed a borderline ANA titer of 1:100 as well as a non-specific slight increase in Borrelia burgdorferi IgM, which according to the laboratory a. e. speak for a non-specific cross reaction and not for an infection with Borrelia burgdorferi. The remaining laboratory chemical parameters were unremarkable. On the other hand, abnormalities were quite evident in the electrophysiology, in the macular field of vision and in the Panel D 15 test as well as the fundus autofluorescence. Funduscopically as well as in the OCT, loosening in the macular area with irregularity at the PRE level and in the photoreceptors were shown.

At the present time, the cause of the macular changes is still unclear on both sides. Blood was taken and the sample for human genetics was sent to Regensburg for genetic investigation regarding hereditary macular dystrophy. At this time, we do not see an option for treatment or visual improvement.

We discussed with the patient that there is a driving ban in view of the bad visiohn.

We agreed with the patient on an outpatient follow-up to discuss the findings of the genetic

Clarification in approx. 4 months in our retinal consultation.

In the meantime, we ask for further ophthalmological checks in your esteemed practice.

If necessary, an earlier re-introduction is possible at any time.
##########
28F Peripheral Vision
For the past few months I have been having an issue with my peripheral vision. It only happens in bright lighting such as in front of a window. It rarely happens outside and mostly in front of a window with sunlight coming in. I will have what looks like a heat wave or something flickering in my peripheral vision. Sometimes it's in one eye and sometimes in both. It's super far over and if I turned my eye towards it, it goes out of my sight. This will only last less than a minute and once my eyes are adjusted to the light it goes away. My optometrist said my eyes are healthy. I do have floaters and visual snow which was made worse by Buspirone. I'm wondering what this could be and if I should go to an ophthalmologist. The only reason it bothers me is bc I don't know what it is otherwise it wouldn't really impact my day to day life. Any input or similar experiences welcome. Thank you!
##########
45M laser photocoagulation and now think I’m shadow far corner
Maybe I’m imagining, but I had photocoagulation surgery last Friday for lattice degeneration.

I’m seeing fine, but I feel like if I look really quickly to the far side of my treated eye, I will quickly see this black shadow that disappears.  Like I said, I can see fine in my far left, and can’t seem to recreate it to def say I’m seeing something.  It’s almost like a ghost image of something.

Does this sound like a know issue?  Maybe part of healing? Just my imagination?
##########
39F Having issues with floaters and poor vision in left eye only
For the past couple months, I've had some pretty intense floaters in my left eye, along with spider webbing, and dark/white spots in the center of my vision. I was in the middle of moving and just assumed they were due to stress and hopefully would chill, but they didn't.

About 10 days ago, I went to an ophthalmologist to have them check it out. They dilated my eyes and said the structure looked good, and they could see all the floaters, but they were static.

Once my eyes were dilated, I could not see anything small at all. I couldn't read my phone, or see text, or see the info hud on the car screen. I don't know if that's normal or not, I've only had my eyes dilated a couple times before.

After the dilation, my left eye has been so much worse. More floaters, they now come down in a curtain over my vision when I blink, bringing with it a sheet of blurriness, and a large black spot and small black spots.

These spots are so large I keep mistaking them for my cat running around in my vision.

I've also been seeing some light flashes around my vision (especially the day my eyes were dilated, less so but still on occasion now).

And for the past three days, I've had a headache that originates from around/ behind that eye (but doesn't feel like it's coming from the eye itself).

I have another appt (this time with the head dr at the clinic) on Oct 9th, but I'm not sure if I should Call and see if they can squeeze me in sooner, so I'm here for advice.

  
Edit: Went back to the Dr yesterday, he says the reason I'm having these symptoms is because I have inflammation cells in my eye that are clumping together.
##########
29f just left the eye doctor and concerned about results… please help!
My doctor didn’t say anything besides the fact my eye pressure was high but after googling.. I am now worried. Their notes are below. Am I at risk for glaucoma?  

IOP 25/22mmHg
Thick CCT 616/615um
health c/d

I also have eye floaters that developed about 3 years ago and haven’t gone away but they don’t bother me. 

Please help. Thank you!
##########
26F, doctor pressed down around eyeball to concerns of detachment
Problem: having flashes/dark spots and ache pain in left eye.
 I don't remember what else but the doctor was concerned about detachment (after reviewing from having done the machines exams) so he said he would be doing another check more closer and looking with the light. 
Anyways, after he said he'll be doing it manual, he pressed down around my eyeball but did it kinda painful, not really gentle with his hand. I didn't say anything during or after as he did say what he'll be doing but i havnt gone to get my eyes check for so long. I don't know anything eye-related or if this was normal to be done by an eye doctor to check for irregularities as the way he did this, it has left my eye aching so much after I left the appt.
##########
23F trichiasis or something else?
Hi! I’m a 23 y.o female. I have been having unilateral (OS only) eye irritation for about 3 weeks now. 

It feels like there is an eyelash poking the corner (the corner by my nose) of my eye that worsens when I blink. Additionally if I do not rub my eyes a white discharge will accumulate in that corner. It is seriously like glue and takes a major amount of work to get off. 

I saw an optometrist about a week after the FBS started and she thought there might be an eyelash or two poking my eye so she removed those at the slit lamp. She put me on Tobradex QID for a week to help with the inflammation and it began helping after a few days. Once I stopped it the same symptoms came back about 4 days later. I saw the optometrist again and after a very thorough exam she could not find anything in my eye, under my eyelid or on my lids/lashes. She restarted the Tobradex course and if that doesn’t help after a week she wants me to see and ophthalmologist. 

Any thoughts? 

Edit: Worth noting I have been drowning my eye in artificial tears that do absolutely nothing. Warm compresses feel nice but don’t do anything outside of that
##########
17 y/o left eye feeling blurry
For the last few weeks i’ve been having this feeling in my left eye, it feels like it’s blurry but it’s not? My eye feels better if I pull my cheek down away from my eye. I have glasses for a my slight stigmatism I was told i had around a year ago, I don’t wear them much if at all, should i start wearing them again? I go to online school so I look at a computer screen from about 9am-2pm, maybe that has something to do with it I have no idea. The feeling is somewhat bearable, but it reminds me of the feeling of the aura I get when I have a migraine coming on so it’s a sort-of traumatic feeling because who tf likes migraines ( I used to have 1-2 migraines a week, it was a living hell that’s why it’s traumatic btw). My eyes don’t feel dry at all, when this feeling is a bit much I tend to blink more and my eyes well up with water. I also own blue light glasses that i haven’t used in ages perhaps those may help again I have no clue someone please help me if you know anything!  I’m a female btw!
##########
37F HPV in eye from saliva?
Hello!

This may be a stupid question but here it goes... can I get hpv in my eye if someone with high risk hpv accidently spit in my eye? A friend of mine was talkin with me spit in my eye and I know she has hr hpv and lsil. She probably as it orally because I know she has oral sex. What are my chances of now having it in my eye and what are the chances of it causing issues?
##########
18M - I need to get eye ointment better up under my upper eyelids...
I have Recurrent Corneal Erosions and need ointment across my corneas while I sleep. I put the ointment in the lower lid margins like you're instructed to. When I blink it spreads out across the open eye, but when I close my eye a lot of it if not most gets squeegeed back down and doesn't go up underneath. I've tried all kinds of pulling my upper lids out while I look upward then releasing them but usually before this can have any benefit an eyelash will get pulled into the ointment (i'm not sure why but it happens all the time) and is very uncomfortable to where I need to take all the ointment out and start over. Does anyone have any suggestions for helping to get ointment up under upper eyelids?
##########
22F Anisocoria &gt;1mm
Anisocoria &gt;1mm, unsure what to do

Hello, I (22F) have had sudden onset and increasingly worsening anisocoria. Left eye is always the larger one, never changes, never gets better. Left eye constricts almost all the way in light, right eye never dilates all the way anymore even in complete darkness. Most noticible in darkness, increasingly noticeable in light. Neuro ordered mri, he said “im 99% sure this is going to be normal it’s just in case”, he says he thinks there’s something going on but he isn’t sure yet, following up with his PA in about 2 months. Really just coming on here to see if anyone has any possible ideas/ suggestions to point me in the right direction. id be perfectly happy accepting this as physiological if it wasn’t getting increasingly worse and accompanied by visual changes and head aches and if the difference wasn’t &gt;1mm 

pMHX notes: Diagnosed with asthma, ptsd, insomnia, nerve pain in arms

Currently on trellegy 200, Lamotrigine 50mg, Seroquel 50mg, vyvanse 40mg, finnestride 5mg, xoponex as needed, Lunesta 1-2mg as needed. Have paraguard iud. Onset not associated with starting any medications 

Don’t smoke, no drugs, drink socially, usually once every 2 weeks, may be more for concerts/ occasions 

This is everything that i’ve written about it so far, photos of the progression of my eyes in this link 



Neurologist physical exam findings:

Visual Fields Full, Visual acuity as above, No RAPD, left Pupil 2-3mm more dilated than left, briskly reactive OU, no more prominent in dim than in bright room

Saw regular eye dr before neurologist, optic nerve and everything was normal


Current subjective complaints:

astigmatism getting significantly and increasingly worse, increasingly difficult to drive at night, everything just looks way darker, lights have way more streaking. Central field of vision feels like it’s getting smaller, the area of blurryness around the middle circle is closing in. My vision looks like when you focus on a close up object with a camera, except it doesn’t matter how close or far something is. No double vision but sometimes like words on my phone or computer screen will be doubled if i can’t get my eyes to focus. I have to manually focus my eyes at time and when i’m driving at night i have to consciously focus my eyes or everything is just blurry 

Also been getting some headaches behind my eyes 

Past history: 

I have weird vision, i have pretty much 0 depth perception (tested a few weeks ago) and i have some sort of problem with binocular vision (this has been a thing since around 4th grade it just want really properly addressed when i was a child), I cannot look through double lens microscopes or binoculars or anything, i can see the light but i cannot make out a clear image at all, I have recently tried using a very very weak prescription contact in my right eye which helps a little bit (makes my vision a bit more clear), I believe it’s around a -1.50. We tried a slightly stronger prescription before this one ( i think -2.00) and it made me very dizzy and nauseous, it didn’t quite feel like vertigo but close

I have always been able to manually “switch” which eye I’m predominantly focusing with, when i go to concerts i cover my right eye to see better. Left eye is pretty farsighted but i have okay vision until 1-2 inches from my face. Left eye extremely nearsighted, the E on the acuity test looks like a C

MRI findings:

MRI ORBITS WITH AND WITHOUT CONTRAST CLINICAL 

HISTORY: Anisocoria

TECHNIQUE:
T1 and T2-weighted images were obtained to the orbits in the axial, sagittal, and coronal planes. Fat suppression sequences with IV contrast were obtained. Clariscan gadolinium dye was administered.
FINDINGS:
The globes appear intact. No evidence of intraocular hemorrhage or lens dislocation.
The optic chiasm is normal.
The optic nerves are normal in course and signal.
Normal intraconal and extraconal fat.
The extraocular muscles, superior ophthalmic veins, and lacrimal glands are normal.
No abnormal contrast enhancement is appreciated.
Images of the brain and sinuses were also obtained. Significant fluid and mottling is seen in the right maxillary sinus.
IMPRESSION:
Normal MRI of the orbit with fat suppression sequences, with and without contrast. Significant right maxillary sinus fluid and remodeling disease is noted. (Note saw an ENT and he looked over my previous brain mri (had a similar finding just without the remodeling) and he said it looked like Maxillary sinus hypoplasia and he didn’t think it was the cause but to come back for a CT scan if it started to bother me, I have zero sinus symptoms)
##########
80F (Wet) ARMD visual void suddenly cleared?!
ETA: Caucasian (British then lived in Australia for 40 years of excessive sun exposure). 
Other medical issues are hypertension (treated with 100 mg captopril twice daily), variable but often severe memory issues, polymyalgia rheumatica treated with prednisone several years ago but subsequently symptomatically resolved without further medication. 
She also takes AREDS2 supplement and gets Vabysmo injections as described below.  
Ex-heavy drinker &amp; ex-smoker in the distant past, now has a glass of wine maybe 3 times a year. 

My 80yo F housemate has had wet ARMD for 3-4 years now, with a significant (not quite central, if that's significant) visual void OS up until a couple of weeks ago. 

Until maybe 6-8 months ago, she was getting Vabysmo injections monthly in both eyes, then at that point her retina specialist said the left eye (the one with the void) had stabilized. So for 6-8 months she's been getting the Vabysmo only in her right eye and NO treatment in her left eye at all. 

Suddenly a couple of weeks ago, (I assume coincidentally) very shortly after getting her first and only FA &amp; ICG study with IV indicator dye, the visual void in her left eye just... went away. 

She's convinced it had something to do with the dye/study, which seems utterly implausible to me. 

Obviously she'll be asking her retina specialist what on earth could have caused this (obviously VERY welcome!) change when she sees him again, but that's still weeks out, and I'm dying of curiosity because my impression (I'm a former medical transcriptionist) was always that visual voids from ARMD were permanent. 

Anyone with any light to shed in the meantime?
##########
29F with Fluorescent Light Induced Red Eye
Hello, I have been struggling with fluorescent induced red eyes. There are usually no other symptoms but my eyes get so red anytime I enter a department store, hospital, etc. I've been dealing with this for years and have failed treatment for dry eyes. I've been told it's "inflammation" but not sure what that means. They really aren't red at home/ in natural lighting. Does anyone else have this problem? Any suggestions, solutions, etc?
##########
45F Persistent blurred vision improved with Muro 128 - confirm Fuchs??
45yo white female with persistent blurred vision (with glasses) for the last 20 years that opthalmologists and neuro-opthalmologists could find no cause for. I've always stayed up to date on annual eye exams and lens prescriptions, but vision is never clear. I wear progressive glasses, no contacts.

I have astigmatism, tons of floaters, significant ghosting, crowded optic discs (clear margins), history of slightly elevated pressures, assessed for papilledema (negative). Borderline corneal topography a couple years ago - family history of keratoconus, but it was not called out on any of my tests. PVD flagged in neuro-opth summary, but was not discussed with me. Dry eyes have been ruled out as a problem, but I've tried most OTC eye drops in the past with no changes (systane (gives terrible headaches), lumify, refresh). Started using hypochlor wipes about a year ago.

Over the last 2 years the blurriness has gotten much worse and developed into extremely blurry vision in the morning that lasts 3-4 hours. Sometimes it doesn't really get much better at all throughout the day. Some grittiness in the mornings, but no real pain. Driving in the dark has always been difficult due to halos and starbursts, but has become much much more difficult in the last 2 years.

Last month at annual eye exam, optometrist suggested trying Muro 128 in the mornings. I've used it for a week and the difference is SIGNIFICANT! In looking up Muro, it says it is for Fuchs Dystrophy. This was never mentioned by my eye doctor. Does the improvement with these drops, plus my symptoms basically confirm Fuchs? What else would be necessary to confirm that diagnosis?
##########
23M Binocular diplopia at far distance and when wearing glasses only
Hi!

For like 8 years now I've been seeing double **clear** images of either the same object or another object that is close to the one that I'm focused on. This only happens when I'm wearing my glasses (+3.25 L and +3.00 R with astigmatism cylinders of .75D with 5 axis). I also have strabismus on my left eye (turns inward when not wearing glasses). This was not happening before 2016 and after one sleepless night it began happening slowly and not so noticeable with light sensitivity.

I already told my doctor that I have this "weird" kind of double vision almost like my eyes cannot fuse the two images together but they still display them inside my brain (those images are perfectly clear and separate from each other), and we decided to lower my prescription a bit, because I thought it may be from overcorrecting my hyperopia (had +3.5 L and +3.00 D before), but it is still the same.

I will go to my doctor in a few months again, but I really doubt that she will find anything useful. It feels like left eye is wandering a bit to the right now when having glasses and maybe that's why I have diplopia? But this also gets negated when I see myself in the mirror and when someone takes a picture of me from normal distance, because my eyes are positioned correctly.

I read tons of posts on Google, but no one describes this kind of diplopia. The most commonly described diplopia is because of astigmatism and they all see ghost images next to the main image, which is not my issue. As I said, without glasses no diplopia, with glasses I have diplopia.

The diplopia is very very mild only at night / inside my house and in darker places. Biggest issue is at work or when I go to the city when there are many objects in distance.

I also do not take any medications, I do not drink alcohol and I smoke cigarettes.  


Thank you for your help in advance!
##########
19M
So my eyelids show….a lot. To the point I’ve been teased etc. one is slightly lower but they both show a good amount. I’m curious on peoples opinions cause I’ve seen eyelids sag on google but mine show a lot. Not over the pupil but they just are very noticeable and my eyes almost seem to small for my socket. Least to me lol. I’ll show in DMs if anyone’s curious to help me self diagnosis lol. I’m just not tryna get flamed on here. I have a long back ground of smoking  and lightly abused . Never a addict or did it for a super long running time just off and on but ig that might play a part idk
##########
51M - flashing blind spot
Background:  51M, gradual onset of vitreous floaters over roughly the past 18 months (nothing suddenly new), family history of retinal detachment (mother), and, probably not related, suffered from conjunctivitis about a month ago (cleared up with ofloxacin).  Last full eye exam with an ophthalmologist was a year ago.  No issues found at that time.

  
This morning I noticed a small spot in my left eye.  If I stare at a blank wall and blink, I will see it flash in rainbow like colors.  It's similar to the effect seen after looking at a bright light, only it doesn't go away.  Left eye only, and if I perform a highly unscientific visual test where I open up a text editor with a white background, place an "X" in the middle of the page and stare at it, I can move the mouse pointer to the approximate location of the spot and make most of it disappear.  

I called my optometrist's office and described it to them.  They said come see us tomorrow, their earliest availability, so I made an appointment.  The question is, is this more serious, and do I need to get myself to an ER, stat?
##########
19F What Do I Do About My Pinguecula?
I have really bad (?) pinguecula, and I've had it since I was 15.  For context, I've always had dust mite allergies in my eyes and nose (confirmed by my optometrist) and I literally remember being, like, four years old and having to constantly be told not to rub my eyes because they were always so irritated it was debilitating.  Because of this, despite being incredibly nearsighted, I'm unable to wear contact lenses, and I've been consiering lasik surgery for a while because I hate wearing glasses, but my parents are against it somewhat.  

Anyway, my pinguecula appeared seemingly out of nowhere.  Like, one day I was fine, and then the next day, *bam!*— I see this big yellow spot on the inner corner of my eye.  It's mostly flat, not really "raised" or "bumpy" or anything, it looks more like a stain than anything.  It first appeared during my sophomore year of high school (I'm a sophomore in college now), and I vividly remember thinking it was a minor injury or a popped blood vessel, but it was so irritated and bothersome that I called in sick to school the next day and went to the doctor. They told me not the worry about it, did the usual eye checkup stuff, talked to me about my nearsightedness and sent me off, but the problem has presisted since then, and it's only gotten more and more uncomfortable (especially if I'm in a windy or dusty area, wear eye makeup or stare at a screen for a longer period of time).  

I usually don't spend much time outside— or, at least, I haven't since I was in elementary school, I've never smoked, drank or done drugs, I generally eat healthy (5'3, slim, healthy weight), and I've gone to get my eyes checked almost annually since then.  I've always been told that it was fine and that I should just ignore it, keep my eyes lubricated and protected from the sun and then sent off, but my pinguecula has become one of my biggest insecurities.  I hate the way that it looks and it's so uncomfortable to live with and I just can't stop thinking about it.  Google says that it commonly develops in elderly individuals and that it grows over time, and I feel sick every time I think about having to live with this for the rest of my life.  To make matters worst, my health anxiety constantly tries to convince me that it might develop into something worse (ie. pterygium... etc.) and I don't know what to do.  Especially since I haven't found any other remedy for it other than surgery and that freaks me out.  What do I do?  I feel cursed.
##########
25 female eye test results
Eye test results 

Hi there, I had my eyes tested in 2023 and just had them tested again today as my glasses are causes shadowed double vision (I admit I’ve not worn them in a while..) I was told in my 2023 the muscles in my eyes were struggling so I had to do the binocular vision exercises which I’ve been doing since every so often (told not to overdo it) he also asked if I have ADHD which I didn’t know but suspect neurodivergent, (now diagnosed autistic and told very high chance I’m also ADHD so can be assessed but minimum 3 year wait)  

my result in 2023 were: 
Right:
SPH: +0.75 CYL: -0.25 AXIS: 150.0
Left: 
SPH: +0.50 CYL: -0.25 AXIS: 35.0

My results today are:
Right: 
SPH: +0.25 CYL: -0.50 AXIS: 155.0
Left:
SPH: +0.25 CYL: -0.75 AXIS: 25.0

They said the shadows/ double vision is due to the astigmatism and that somehow my eyes have switched severity? Can this happen? Can someone explain how this happens please? I know in one of the tests was a white dot in the centre and then red lines making a cross towards the centred white dot and regardless of anything she altered the top line and the right line wouldn’t align? But it says no prism prescription? Was that line test to do with the axis or prism needs? I tried phoning today and explained I just wanted to understand it better as she said she would write it all down explanation wise and never did and I forgot to ask for that and the receptionist didn’t know and said the prescription should be right and hung up (by the way both the 2023 test and todays test was same opticians and same branch) 

Thanks in advance! Just confused how one eyes improved cylinder wise and the other is now worse and how no prism is needed even though my eyes seemed to struggle to align in that cross test
I’m white, prescribed agomelatine and non smoker and rarely drink etc
##########
30M Weird Hair Growth Under Eyelid
I’ve been having irritation on my right eye in the inner corner for about 5 days now. I was prescribed antibiotic drops as it was believed to be conjunctivitis but looking more into it seems that there is some weird hair growth under the eyelid. Has anyone seen this before: 
##########
26F viral pink eye?
I’ve had a hell of a couple of weeks. 

• 8/28 woke up with a fever of 104. Took Tylenol, that helped and went back to sleep. Next day I still had a high fever, so I went to the ER and they said I had strep with a UTI. Sent home with antibiotics. Strep and UTI went away. 

•8/31 I tested positive for Covid. I’ve had it twice before and this time was very mild. Just a head cold with no taste or smell compared to the other 2 times when I was on my death bed. I got better, though still positive. 

•9/5 I woke up with pink eye. Doctor prescribed Gentamycin, it did nothing. I assume I have viral pink eye from Covid, but now I’m negative and the pink eye is still here. 

On 9/5 I had the usual symptoms, redness, itching, watery eyes and discharge, though there was very little discharge to begin with. Nothing like bacterial. Over the next few days until now I’ve been using Clear Eyes for the redness which helps and now I have no symptoms other than the redness. The redness is the worst in the morning. The inner corners of my eyes seem to be swollen, like the membrane. I’ve read that viral pinkeye last around 2 weeks. It’s been nearly 2 weeks and redness wise I’ve seen no improvement. I’ve been taking vitamins and supplements to help my immune system since it was wrecked from the multiple infections, but nothing seems to be helping. Could the Clear Eyes be making the redness worse since I’ve been using it for so long? I put the drops in at most 3x a day. Other than the redness and swelling in the corners of my eyes, I have no other symptoms. I have SOME discharge at night but it’s so miniscule, it seems like regular eye crusties that you get on any given day when you’re healthy. 

To add: there are fires in my area and the smoke here varies from minimal to pretty moderate. I’m not sure if that has anything to do with it, but I would assume if it was due to the smoke, once I slept and my eyes weren’t subjected to it for 8 hours they would be better instead of worse when I wake up. 

I’ve never had pink eye this long before and it’s driving me up the wall. Every morning I look like I smoked with Cheech and Chong for 4 days straight. Is there anything I can do at this point?
##########
43M - near focusing problems after laser photocoagulation
I was diagnosed with lattice degeneration, and given a family history of retinal tears, my retinal specialist recommended laser photocoagulation as a prophylactic treatment.  My prescription is -6.00 in the right eye, -5.00 in the left.

Laser on the right eye went fine, the procedure was painful for me, but after a week the pain was gone and vision was fine.  The left eye had more holes and thinning, and required a longer laser session, which was 9 days ago.  Pain is now gone, but my vision is noticeably altered.  I'm unable to read my phone and computer screen clearly - it's almost as though my prescription changed in the left eye?  Before the procedure, text was clear at the distance I held my phone/laptop at.  Now, the text is quite blurry in the left eye, and I need to keep it at a substantially longer distance (far enough that it's hard to read at the same font size).  This is a problem since I spend the majority of my working day looking at screens.

I'm waiting until I hit the 2 week post-op mark before I start bothering my specialist about this, but I'm getting a little worried.  Is this an expected side effect (it's not one that was discussed with me)?  If so, what would be the mechanism for the root cause?

Most importantly, if this is a permanent side affect, is it correctable by getting a new prescription?  I'm worried that if I get a new scrip to get better near vision, it's going to affect my far vision in the left eye.

Any advice from those who are knowledgeable about this procedure would be much appreciated.
##########
30 M - Episcleritis advice
30 year old male. Was sick beginning of July, bacterial infection, massive fever, the sickest I’ve ever been. Then 3 weeks later the episcleritis started… 

Saw optometrist who gave me 2 sets of drops and both times the drops took away the redness but then it came back either during tapering or within a few days.

Ended up going to GP who I asked to run all the tests, including autoimmune, everything came back clean. I have no symptoms and feel healthy. 

1. Has anyone had episcleritis start after an illness? I guess it’s considered a stressful event on my body? 

2. I’ve been taking Advil now for 2 days round the clock, how long does that take to work if you’ve tried this? 

3. The redness I have is milder than the initial start of this flare, but it’s worse in the morning and at night, is that common for it to change throughout the day? 

4. Is it normal to have a flare for this long? Going into my 8th week and I’m so stressed out that something is wrong with me. 

Currently trying: Advil, Fish Oil &amp; Vitamin C, lubricating drops and ointment 

Any advice and input is appreciated. Thanks so much x
##########
28M glasses distortion issue
Glasses issue please help! 

So this has been an issue for me for a very long time and I have difficulty explaining it but I’m going to try my best here any help is appreciated as I’m starting to lose hope.

About 2 years ago I got some new glasses, I was experiencing crazy dizziness and eye strain at the temples when I got them they told me to give it a 2-3 weeks to get used to the new rx and it would go away. 

It never did. I brought back my old pair of glasses to LensCrafters and they measured them and said the “oc” was way lower than where it should be and they adjusted the oc a bit lower and it felt so much better! Immediate relief in grocery stores etc, I literally couldn’t even walk through a grocery store with the previous lens. 

But the issue still stayed even though it wasn’t as bad as before it still bothers me to this day. I have a feeling of disorientation especially when looking at screens or when looking at a lot of stuff at once for example a lot of items on a shelf at a grocery store. My depth perception feels off as well. 

I’ve gotten probably 3 different pairs of glasses since then with different lenses (all trivex) different frames, I’ve tried smaller lenses bigger lenses small frames big frames etc. 

Recently it’s gotten worse especially when driving or doing anything that involves moving my head a lot. I go to bed almost every night with crazy eye strain, most of the time it’s in my left eye. 

I got checked by 3 different optometrists all of them say my eyes are totally healthy and that this shouldn’t be happening but nobody really seems to care they all look at me like I’m crazy. 

Everything in my vision feels distorted all the time! For example if I’m walking down stairs and I look down I get a sense of “woahhh I’m gunna fall over”. I’ve been tested for vertigo and vestibular issues and all of them come back that I don’t have that and I’m totally healthy. 

I know this was kind of word vomit but like I said it’s so hard for me to explain my issue. 

If you have any recommendations on what I can try or what could be causing this it would help so much. My anxiety has been through the roof recently because of this crazy eye strain and dizziness.
##########
19F eyelids changing or eyes? Unsure
 Hello I have been to several Drs that do not know what is causing this. Both my eyes are appearing to look outwards and I cant focus both eyes in the mirror or in a photo. It feels like I can only look through one eye. The first picture is what I used to look like. I think it could be my eyelids look different but Im not sure why they would be changing so suddenly ? I am asian, I vape not smoke, I am 120 lbs.
##########
25F GPC caused by eye drops?
I have suffered with what I thought was dry eyes for years. I saw an ophthalmologist 2/3 years ago who said I have an allergy and put me on opatanol drops which worked amazingly. Recently, my eyes have been super inflamed and irritated and dry to the point where even my eyes being open just hurts. I saw an optometrist a week ago who said I have GPC and said since I don’t wear contacts it’s probably caused by my eye drops since i should not have been taking them for 2-3 years.

I stopped taking the eye drops a week ago, when can I expect the inflammation to go down? It feels like it’s getting worse. I have booked an ophthalmologist appt but that isn’t for a few days , looking for any short term relief! It should be noted that I have had multiple allergy tests over the years and they have all come back as negative…
##########
31F Chalazion? Stye? Should I ride this one out or get it checked?
White, don't drink or smoke or use substances recreationally. Only other physical health problems are arthritis and some significant SI joint dysfunction. Waiting on an appointment with a rheumatologist to see if there's some autoimmune stuff happening, too. I take Adderall XR (30mg), Lamictal (250mg), Wellbutrin (450mg) daily.

I woke up on Weds with [this]( which was tender and definitely uncomfortable but not overly so. It grew bigger &amp; angrier until it looked like [this]( last night and about the same this morning. Again, it's irritated and tender but not *crazy* painful. I've used hot compresses a couple of times &amp; done some gentle lid massages, and this morning it came to a head and oozed a bit. I washed my hands well and gently wiped away the gunk but I know better than to push on it. It now looks like [this](

It's not/hasn't been super visible [externally]( and I've generally been trying not to fuck with it when not taking pictures. I've dealt with styes/chalazions more than a couple of times in my life but none this sizable, so I just want to make sure I'm handling it correctly.
##########
35F - Conjunctival lesions? Lymphoma?
HELP! What is this; bilateral conjunctival lesions?

What is this? Bilateral conjunctival lesions. 





I need your thoughts. Patient is being worked up for lymphoma. Lymphadenectomy flow cytometry was negative for lymphoproliferative disease, however, elevated lymphocyte count at 99% and majority of B-Cells elevated well above ranges. Night sweats, increased overall sweating day/night, severe fatigue, notable weight loss, and overall “B symptoms”. 

Vision changes. Lymphadenopathy with innumerable abnormal lymph nodes all on left side; neck, behind ear, back of head, clavicle, and axillary — all palpable. Bilateral lesions to lateral conjunctiva that are painless. Blurry bilaterally but new onset of worsening double vision to left eye only. Referral sent to ophthalmologist. 

IMAGES:





I am in healthcare but little experience with ophthalmology. Possible ocular lymphoma? DLBCL? Please give me your thoughts… 

Side note: also has lesions in throat that may or may not be related.
##########
23F Concussion in 2020, symptoms worsening now?
Hi everyone! Over the past few years i (23 F) have been having increasingly worse problems with my vision, vertigo, anxiety, and brain function. I recently went to an eye doctor to get my vision checked out and she said I was healthy and referred me to a vision therapist. The vision therapist told me that I had several signs of a having had a concussion (sensitivity to light, vertigo, closing one eye to focus, head and neck pain, difficulty focusing on objects) and she asked if I had ever hit my head. In 2020, I slipped on ice and fell flat on my back and when I stood up there was a whole in the ice where my head was. It honestly didn't hurt and I remember being slightly dizzy that night but nothing crazy, however my vision therapist in convinced that I had suffered a concussion considering how hard I must have hit my head as well as that's when my symptoms slowly started. 
I'm basically wondering if it makes sense to hit my head in 2020 and for symptoms to be worsening now? I find the vertigo getting very bad lately as well as my vision worsening but everything else that I've been checked for comes back negative and my doctor just says I have anxiety. I haven't returned to her yet since seeing the vision therapists so I'm curious to know what she thinks of that. If this is problems from a concussion can I still heal it or did I do permanent damage by not treating it originally?
##########
33F - Hot Grease in Eye? ER?
33F white, do not wear glasses/contacts. No prior medical history with eyes.
This morning (approx. 8 hours ago) was cooking up some bacon on the stovetop and of course that dreaded thing happened - while flipping a piece, the grease popped and some hot grease flew towards my face. 

I am unsure if any grease actually went into my eye or not… it didn’t seem to hurt immediately, but I flushed my eye for about 5 minutes with water just in case. I also put a cool compress right up against my lower lash line so that I could cool down what felt like a potential burn right under my eye. My eye felt fairly irritated and it was definitely pretty sore right under my eye. I put a thin layer of Aquaphor on over where the burning feeling was which helped almost immediately. I’d reached out to my PCP via email when it was still quite sore asking what course of action I should take.

Over the course of the day, my eye did improve. Definitely not feeling much of any pain, no redness or swelling. It feels ever so slightly “off” but I can’t tell if that’s just because I showered and then was messing with it a bunch (washing off the aquaphor, etc).

Well at 8pm local time my PCP emailed me back and urged me to go to the ER or an urgent care immediately because she’s worried about an injury and infection. I asked if I could ask until tomorrow and if I should see an ophthalmologist and they just replied back essentially urging me to “see a specialist tonight” or else I’d risk “severe infection.”

I’m panicking and trying to figure out if it’s actually so urgent that I have to go sit in an ER for 6-8 hours for them to look at it. I live in a major metro area where there are so many gunshot victims and serious injuries that I would actually be shocked if I got triaged by 2-3am. If not, I would aim to be seen at my PCP’s office tomorrow morning/early afternoon.

Questions: 
1 - is there anything that could be done *tonight* or would the ER would just refer me to an ophthalmologist this week?
2 - what are signs I should go to the ER?
##########
27F - inflamed plica semilunaris
I've been struggling with dry eyes for a while, constantly dealing with wetness and dry crusts. I only use the lubricant when I really need it, but I haven't used it in a while. Recently, I noticed my plica semilunaris is red, inflamed, and wet. The white area near my tear duct is also red, and I'm feeling slight irritation. I'm wondering if I need to see a doctor or if just using the lubricant will solve it. I don't want to worsen it.
##########
25F Temporary dark spot in vision
I have been seeing strange dark spots in my vision for months now. It's similar to an afterimage, but without having looked at a bright light. The spot sometimes appears in the left eye and sometimes in the right one, always differently shaped and in different positions. It seems that it gets more apparent when I blink. When it happens, I lay down and then it disappears after around 30 minutes.

But it still scares me. I tried documenting it to see if there’s any patterns, but I can’t recognize one. It seems to happen out of nowhere. I drink a lot of water, so dehydration is probably not it. I‘ve also been to eye doctors before, because I'm nearsighted and have floaters, but they never found anything wrong. Before anyone asks: I don’t drink or smoke. Did a blood test already and everything was fine. 

I suspected it could be an ocular migraine, but I don't experience any pain and I also don’t develop any of those typical „zig zack patterns“. 

I just want to know how to prevent this from happening. I’m so tired of being anxious all the time.
##########
30F bump on eye
Yesterday I noticed this small bump on my eyeball. Today it looks the same, but hurts a bit, mainly in the sense that it sort of feels like there is something foreign in my eye but there isn’t as far as I can tell. I don’t currently have an eye doctor so planning to call around on Monday, mostly looking for reassurance this isn’t some sort of emergency that I need to address now 


##########
30M
30M No meds, no smoking.




Hi. I poked my eye with rebar wire 2 days ago.
The eye has gotten about 15% better than when it first happened.
The eye is goo'd shut when I wake up in the morning but getting in the shower helps it open.
I have huge light sensitivity in my whole face.
Please don't suggest the ER,UC,f2f as I cannot afford them.
I bought systane eye drops (borrowed the money) and have been putting them in regularly, I also have a saline solution to clean my eye. I was wondering if anyone could give me some advice on what to do here other than medical care.
##########
27M White spot next to iris
I’ve noticed this week that there’s a white spot that I’m only to see in the light using a mirror and turning my head to the left or right certain angles. I’ve had dry eye for a couple months in both eyes, saw eye doc a month ago she said there wasn’t any concern. Minor blephartis of inflammation and recommended fish oil. 

I don’t see this kind of spot at all in my right eye. The dry eye has also basically gone away with the right eye whereas the left still has the dry feeling. 

Here’s two pictures, best u could manage to get: 
##########
18F soft lump under eyelid
18F, Asian, astigmatism in both eyes, uses hycosan extra eyedrops. No meds/drugs/smoking

A few weeks ago I felt a soft lump under my lower eyelid (left eye). 

It's not visible, I think it has gotten slightly larger and when I pull my skin taut I can feel more of it as though it gets pushed out, it feels soft and moves around when pushed on slightly. 

I'm worried about it, I have an upcoming eye test in a week but I'm not sure if they can advise me about it. Anyone know what it could be? 

Image of eyelid:
( 

Image of eyelid with highlighted area:
(
##########
10M - My Son has this condition where his eyes move diagonally very quickly and come back to the center
it comes more often when he is tired or daydreaming. Sometimes his eyes are constantly doing it.

It doesn't come much when he is focused or focused on something, and he says his left eye is always itchy.

Does anyone know what this is?

I've pasted a short gif of how it looks like

[
##########
50yo Male help
hi yall! i need help finding a diagnosis for my dad....

he's 50yo and on Thursday night he suddenly started seeing a light on his eyes, he describes it as "when someone turns on a light in your eyes, and then you see that annoying light after some minutes" he went to the ophthalmologist and they told him nothing was wrong, he did not have a detached retina or anything similar

they told him it can be photopsia, do you all agree?

does photopsia last forever? 

hope someone can help me
##########
30F, viral keratitis
I had keratitis dendritic flare up on Monday, eye completely healed by Thursday as confirmed by my ophthalmologist. On topical Ganciclovir 5 times for 21 days. 

My question is how soon can I go back to swimming, given the cornea has cleared up?

Today is the 6th day of the dosage. I’m still using moxifloxacin drops along with Ganviclovir ointment.

The doctor keeps telling me it’s gonna be winter soon, so might as well forget swimming for a while. Do I really need to give up swimming as a physical activity given that viral keratitis has no cure and can recur anytime?
##########
49 years old woman - amblyopy and lense prescription
(English below)

Presciption pour amblyope

Bonjour à toutes et à tous,

Je suis amblyope, astigmate, hypermétrope et avec l’âge, le presbytie arrive à grands pas….

J’ai une nouvelle ordonnance de lunettes. et pour la première fois depuis l’adolescence, j’ai une correction à l’oeil amblyope !

Le docteur ne m’en a pas parlé et je ne m’en suis pas rendue compte avant quelques jours et le premier devis pour des lunettes. Je n’ai donc pas pu poser de questions sur le pourquoi de cette correction !

Comme j’ai cru à une erreur, j’ai contacté le secrétariat de mon ophtalmo qui, sans aucune explication, m’a renvoyé une nouvelle ordonnance sans correction à l’oeil droit.

J’ai posé la question à un opticien qui m’a fait testé avec et sans la correction et j’ai l’impression que c’est mieux avec. Etant donné que je recherche du confort pour aider mon oeil gauche, j’aurais tendance à prendre une paire avec la correction, mais si c’est une erreur, c’est peut-être une bêtise….

Voici mon ordonnance :

Oeil droit : + 0.00 Addition : + 2.00

Oeil gauche : + 2.50 (-1.00) 40° Addition : + 2.00

Auriez-vous des retours d’expérience ? Je vous remercie par avance,

Cendrine

Prescription for amblyope

Hello everyone,

I am amblyopic, astigmatic, hyperopic and with age, presbyopia is fast approaching….

I have a new glasses prescription. and for the first time since adolescence, I have a correction to my amblyopic eye!

The doctor didn't tell me about it and I didn't realize it until a few days later and the first quote for glasses. So I wasn't able to ask questions about why this correction was made!

As I thought there was an error, I contacted the secretariat of my ophthalmologist who, without any explanation, sent me a new prescription without correction for my right eye.

I asked the question to an optician who had me tested with and without the correction and I have the impression that it is better with it. Since I'm looking for comfort to help my left eye, I would tend to take a pair with the correction, but if that's a mistake, it might be stupidity...

Here is my prescription:  
Right eye: + 0.00 Addition: + 2.00  
Left eye: + 2.50 (-1.00) 40° Addition: + 2.00

Do you have any feedback? I thank you in advance,

Cendrines
##########
39M - Eyes don't focus when looking to the left
Hi there. In the last 4-5 days, my eyes have stopped focusing properly on anything to the left of center. If I stare straight ahead or shift my eyes to the right, everything looks good. But if I try to shift my eyes to the left, it can be full-on double vision. If I close either eye, it looks fine; the two together just won't focus. 

I had laser eye surgery on my left eye in the beginning of May that went well. I don’t know if that could be related to this. More recently, I have been solo-dad for my three-month-old while my wife has gone back to work, and have been extremely exhausted. I assumed that was the problem, but I finally got a good long stretch of sleep last night, and the issue still persists, so now I'm a little more worried. 

This has made me particularly nervous driving the last couple of days, along with the general inconvenience. I’d appreciate any thoughts you have.
##########
24f please help— prescription change makes sense, or error?
I wear Acuvue Oaysis for astigmatism. Saw this Dr last year for the first time and had to return bc the prescription was wrong. Recently saw him again for an updated prescription and wondering if it’s an error again.

This year he told me I have Kerotoconus (worse in left eye), but he left the room before I could ask any questions. I have a specialist appt scheduled, but I’m out of contacts and need to order more ASAP.

*OLD prescription:*
OD: SPH -4.50; CYL -1.25; Axis 180
OS: SPH -0.50; CYL -2.25; Axis 180

*What NEW prescription appears to say (for same brand):*
OD: SPH -4.00; CYL -1.75; Axis 180
OS: SPH -0.50: CYL -2.75; Axis 170

Question is about OD’s change. That eye has NOT improved but not noticeably worse either. The CYL did change from -1.25 to -1.75, but would that account for the change from a SPH of -4.50 to -4.00? Or could the SPH change be an error?

I’m really disappointed and upset by my only two experiences with this provider so not confident I’ll get a helpful answer if I reach out to ask him.
##########
49M  Is it bad for your eye to shine a light in it, even if you're not looking directly at the light?
Sort of a two part question here. For at least a couple of years I've been hampered with an eyelash growing toward my eyeball. It is so irritating. Sometimes it feels like my eye is being stabbed, other times it feels like dust or a loose eyelash in floating around in my eye. I've had to use tweezers to pull it out. I have to do this several times a year and it's not so easy to pull it out (It's often incredibly small and hard to pull out w/tweezers). During this process my wife puts the iphone flashlight on my eye/eyelid at a very close range. I don't look directly at the light ever but once we are done and the light is off, it's obvious a light was being shined on my eye. Is this damaging? Two, will electrolysis get rid of this problem eyelash for good? If so, where can I have this procedure done and how much would it cost (roughly)? Thank you
##########
24m floaters from dry eyes?
So I have very bad OCD episodes which will be relevant to my situation, been trying to deal with them but sometimes I have slip ups. 

So a month ago, I accidently got laundry detergent in my left eye and took the proper steps to flush them out and got them checked by a optemetrist, they gave me some eye drops and the pain eventually went away. But here is where my OCD kicked in, I was constantly washing my eyes out with tap water because I became paranoid of my eyes due to my OCD and I guess that situation kinda planted a seed that made me paranoid?  Well it gotten to a point where I am having trouble finding relief for my eyes and even eye drops just cause it to irritate more. So I scheduled a appointment with a dry eyes specialist, but was wondering if I should see a retina specialist too because I am noticing floaters that I haven't seen before? I visited a eye doctor again a few weeks ago again and they just said I have dry eyes.


And yes I am aware that I need help with my mental health and been trying, but yea. Just wanna make sure I didn't fuck my eyes up because of my episodes
##########
39M Can an accidental eye poke cause damage to the eye?
My wife said I had bags under my eyes and when she went to point at my left eye she accidentally poked it with her finger. I suddenly of course felt a sting and went to wash out my eye for a few minutes. 
I still feel a bit of a sting and can see through the eye but my concern and question is can an accidental eye poke cause damage to the eye or the cornea?
##########
33 year old female eye prescription
So, I’ve had -0.50 and -0.25 for my astigmatism on my prescription for as long as I can remember, I just got my eyes checked and the -0.25 is not there and it’s zero. My friend who worked with eye drs for many years say that it’s really not significant enough to put down. However, since the minor shift and my new eye glass prescription I’m feeling eye strain. Do you guys think that change is what is causing the eye strain or is it really not significant enough. I feel crazy
##########
19M Likely episcleritis I assume. Prior ANA, smith, Sjögren, and RA positivity.
I have been having re occurring eye redness occurring on the inner or outer regions of my eye for about a year. My left eye has noticeably less acuity than my right now, which is the eye shown. I do have deep eye pain, achy and feels like pressure. I know this is likely episcleritis, however I struggle to see how to differentiate between this and scleritis. I'm not at all concerned but just very curious as to how one could tell visually.


##########
22F Tap water in eyes
22F

So a few days ago I got some dust in my eyes and I got an idea of washing my eyes by using a paper cup, filling it with mediumwarm tap water and pouring it over my eyes to flush. It worked well in the sense that my eyes felt much better after. Well, yesterday I was baking and it got a bit messy with the fluor so I repeated the flushing my eyes with tap water in a paper cup. Since then I feel like both my eyes are dry, sometimes they burn and sometimes I feel pressure in both eyes.

I am really freaking out because I found out that tap water is dangerous for the eyes and I am scared I am getting acanthamoeba keratitis or another horrible infection or that I’ve ruined my eyes. I would really appreciate someone to share their views because I am panicking so much rn.

  
PS: THE TAP WATER WAS CLOUDY AT FIRST??
##########
35M Dacryoadenitis and painful foreign body sensation everytime I blink
I am having a painful foreign body sensation Everytime I  blink, so first I put a Prednisolone acetate drops, then after 15 minutes Xiidra, that didn't resolve the foreign body sensation. After about 2 hours, put a Lottemax drop in, but it didn't resolve, then put 2 Prednisolone drops in (20 to 30 minutes after) That didn't resolve it either. I was tearing up like a waterfall Everytime blink due to the foreign body sensation scratching my eyeball Everytime I blink So put Maxitrol ointment in after about an hour. Now my vision is so cloudy.
 Will this go away? I understand i used too much of steroids too fast. will no longer use them. Question is will this go away? How long does it take the cloudy vision to go away? How serious is this cloudy vision? I did have cataract surgery back in February this year.
##########
60 yr Female contacts
Multi focal contact question

I wear multifocal contacts -I go get an exam every year. They keep saying my vision is the same, but I find my far vision is getting worse. I have a slight astigmatism in left eye. I HATE wearing glasses. Not because of vanity, but because of limited vision and they make my head hurt. 

The OD try’s to talk me out of just having single vision, because my reading would be awful. (I am 60). I tend to wear readers anyway.

Please … advice on this! 
L:4.75
R: 4.50
Cheaters:1.50
##########
30M, eye mucus and blurry vision
I've got blurry vision in the upper region of my right eye and thick and yellow mucus comes out constantly throughout the day, per example, when watching movie subtitles, I can see the subtitles although blurry but cannot see faces or whatever is going on on the upper part of the screen because of how blurry it is.

I've gone to 3 different doctors, the last one I went to said I had conjunctivitis and gave me eye drops and to apply a cream before sleeping.

The issue still remains and I did not get any better.

I don't know what you guys suggest me doing, I'm really desperate at this point, thanks.
##########
20F Help me understand my prescription
Hi, I just went to 2 ophthalmologists, went to the first one because I thought my vision got worse, and to the second to make sure the first prescription is correct. For context, I've had a bit of myopia since I was a teen.

It turns out both told me my old glasses were wrong for my eyes, that the correction was too strong.

Here is the first prescription :

right eye : -0,5 (-0,75 at 160°) / left eye : +0,5 (-1 at 170°)

Here is the second prescription :

right eye : -0,75 (-0,50 at 165°) / left eye : -0,25 (-0.50 at 175°)

It seems like one of them is majorly wrong about the left eye. How do i decide about my glasses ?

EDIT: 
I forgot to mention that the first ophthalmologist took measurements twice : once without medication, and once with the drops that dilate your pupils. And he basically said that there was a big difference because my eyes were making too much effort to adapt. Also, he said that I was gonna have to wear my new glasses at all times and that it'd be blurry for a few months until my eyes get used to it. 

The second ophtalmologist didn't use any medication.
##########
4 year old diagnosed with Morning Glory Anomaly
The following is the report we got from my daughter’s ophthalmologist after her morning glory diagnosis. We have a 6mo f/u with him to assess continued retinal attachment stability and assume we will continue to have those semi annually. However we are being referred back to her optometrist to discuss further amblyopia treatment. I expect patching, but just curious on if you’d prescribe glasses to a MGA patient with 20/30 vision in affected eye or not. Also curious about the faint PSC that he mentions in the affected eye as well. We know what to we are likely to expect from the MGA, but are PSC’s guaranteed to affect vision at some point?

Here is the report (lengthy, sorry): 

Visual Acuity and IOP:
Without Correction: OD 20/30 and OS 20/20. The intraocular pressures are OD Soft and OS
Soft.

Slit lamp examination:
OD: The lids are normal. The conjunctiva is noninjected. The cornea is clear. The anterior chamber is deep and quiet. The iris is normal. The lens shows a faint PSC.
OS: The lids are normal. The conjunctiva is noninjected. The cornea is clear. The anterior chamber is deep and quiet. The iris is normal. The lens is clear.

Fundus examination:
OD: The vitreous is clear. There are no vitreous cells. The optic disc shows a morning glory anomaly with central glial tissue and radial retinal vessel orientation. Macular examination demonstrates a normal foveal light reflex. Peripheral examination shows no evidence of retinal tears or retinal detachment.
OS: The vitreous is clear. There are no vitreous cells. The optic disc and retinal vessels are normal. Macular examination demonstrates a normal foveal light reflex. Peripheral examination shows no evidence of retinal tears or retinal detachment.

OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography):
OD: Morning glory optic disc anomaly with peripapillary retinal distortion and retinal thickening.
Normal foveal contour. No macular edema or subretinal fluid. CRT mu: 271.
OS: Normal foveal contour. No macular edema or subretinal fluid. CRT mu: 252.
##########
25F My eyes are acting strangely
My eyes are acting strangely

Hello! I've never had problems with my eyes before so this is new to me, but about a month or two ago my eyes started getting red, then it would go away for a bit.

Everytime they got red I would see rainbow halos around lights and things and then it would go away. It has been occurring every week for about a month. It's always in the same eye. My eye are not itchy, there's no discharge or anything like that. They're just red.

I recently went to see an eye Doctor who did a swab and it came back as bacterial conjunctivitis. I'm just confused as to how it has come back every week, no itchy, no discharge, visual changes etc. 

I'm on Roaccutane which can cause dry eyes, but otherwise I'm just extremely confused.
##########
21F Is it okay to wear glasses with a slightly higher prescription?
Hey so i have myopia and recently changed my prescription. When i went to get my contacts and glasses changed, we found out that my doctor had put in a 0.25 more for some reason, which was making it difficult for me to see with the contacts they gave me so we went down one again (-2.0, -1.25). The problem is that my glasses were already paid for and ready when i found this out. Is it okay if i still wear them? Or will it damage my eyes?

Thanks!
##########
27. F. Help.
My eye during dinner started to feel weird. I washed off my makeup. My eye was very red, I had pink eye 8.19 so I thought maybe a second case. I looked closer and the lens part of my eye was bunched up in the corner and moves when touched. Very nervous. Please advise. It feels like there is something in my eye and that I need to take it out. Slightly affecting eye sight.
##########
28F Epiretinal Membranes
28F, white, discovered this in December 2023, no history of smoking or recreational drug use. I very rarely drink alcohol. Hi, I am wondering if you can go blind from an epiretinal membrane? I am 28 years old and have PVDs. The ophthalmologist put in his report I have trace epiretinal membranes. I’m just wondering how concerned I should be about this? Thank you.
##########
24F Brown very small particles/veins like things on my white part of eyes, Any issue?
Hi, Recently I have noticed some brown very small particles/veins like things on my white part of eyes. Its not moving or growing, I guess. It's very small and looks like veins. I don't wear glasses. The only issue I face with my eyes recently was its getting very dry quickly. May be not related to this. It started 1 month ago. For eye dryness I consulted a doctor and prescribed eye drops which I use mostly every now and then. Anything to worry about? Image is in the link below.


##########
23M - Eye Strain/Focus issue with Contacts
Hi guys, for about a month now I haven't been able to wear my contacts which I've been wearing for about a year. For background, I have astigmatism in both eyes and semi-accomodative esotrophia in one eye. When I put on my contacts, I have a much harder time focusing on objects, especially those that are near. My eyes feel so much more strained and my weaker eye will turn in. When I wear my glasses, I don't have these issues. I've tried a couple different prescriptions and two different brands/sizes, and I can't find the perfect fit like the first time I started wearing contacts. Anybody have an idea what's going on? What options do I have? I'm thinking of seeing another eye doctor to see what they think.
##########
24M Slight eye discomfort sometime and seeing red nerve when waking up
Slight eye discomfort sometime and seeing red nerve when waking up 

Slight eye discomfort / pressure sometime not exactly on the eye but on side of eyelid and seeing red nerve when waking up

I had done three eye checkup and doctors say its ok,

for some reason when I feel that discomfort I am afraid of eye pressure might be high or is there some bleeding or something because I found the red thing in wall when waking up

I trust doctors but seems like I have some health anxiety
##########
26F - sudden onset of itchy left eye, clear fluid and looks like a clear lump on eye
Hx of UEDVT and currently contact lenses wearer (acuve oayses -5.00 both). Tonight this incident occurred in my left eye. No recent changes to routine so not sure if it’s allergy related. My first thought was this is definitely pink eye, but the clear thick like fluid around it had me concerned as it looks like a part on my eyeball is swollen. It almost feels like a foreign body of some kind is there but there’s nothing. It even feels odd when I shut my eye. Also, when I look to the left it looks like there’s a lump shape to my eyeball in comparison to the other if that makes any sense? Im having pressure at the top of my head now as well, but that very well could be from lack of sleep at this point. I’m quite concerned but am unsure of the urgency, like how long to wait until or what else to look for that are concerning symptoms? I posted a picture in the thread /DryEyes for reference if helpful. Thoughts?
##########
28F Chalazion post-removal appearance
Please only answer if you've had direct experience with this.

I (28F) had a chalazion removed from my right upper eyelid by an Ophthalmologist a little less than 3 months ago and I'm wondering if my eyelid will go back to it's normal shape?

They made the incision from the inside of the eyelid and he cauterized the wound once he was done. My eyelid dips up at a point and looks a little pinched, raising it a little. Now I have an indentation on my lash line in front of where the incision was made. This makes my right eye look like it's a little more open than my left eye.

I'm very insecure about the way this looks now and I'm wondering if this will ever smooth out and go back to the way it was? Maybe after the body's natural scar-remodeling process?

Otherwise is there another way to correct this?

I never received a warning from the doctor that this could happen. I wish I had never had that surgery.
##########
75 F Second surgery to reposition retina
My mom (75 F)had surgery on her left eye two months ago because she had retinal detachment. 

She did a follow up visit with him a month after the surgery in August and he told her that everything looked good

Now her eye surgeon is telling her that the silicone oil he put in her left eye, has caused traction and movement of the  retinal structures. he’s concerned that if he leaves it, it will cause more issues and further migration of the retina. . 

I’m just wondering if this is something that can happen and why wasn’t this noticed before? 

Now he has to do at least two more surgeries and remove the silicone oil and reapply a new silicone oil to reposition the retina   

I guess I am having trouble trusting him because when she first had her retinal detachment, he told her that that her macula was degenerated   

Even though I believe in miracles, he did her surgery in July and the macula was actually fully attached to the eye unlike what he was expecting. So it was a pleasant surprise but also odd that he was so wrong in his prediction. 


Does anyone have any info or experience with this that can shed light?
##########
30 F anyone know what this could be?
So you know when you get up too fast or rub your eyes it gets a little spotty for a few seconds and fades? 

That keeps randomly happening in my right eye in the outer peripheral only. Like the edge on the side. It happens randomly when I’m sitting mostly which is very odd. I notice it a lot when I'm playing video games but might be because I'm next to a light wall.

It'll happen and then fade out.

Any ideas? I got fully checked out for another eye issue last year in july and everything was perfectly healthy.

I made an appt with an eye doctor. Just wondering if something like this has been seen before!

My vision is bad -5.50 on one and -6 in the other. I wear glasses.
##########
21F plastic shards in eye
21F!
So I was at the dentist today to get my mouth guard (plastic) refitted and he decided that it was too tight so he just got out his little device thing and reshaped it by shaving it right above me when I was lying down.

I was too scared to say anything but now I'm super scared I got some of those small plastic parts in my eyes since when I got up I saw that my chair had small plastic shards from the guard. I tried splashing my eyes with water but now I am still crying because I'm scared the shards in my eyes will hurt them
##########
21M - Right eye vision looks almost smudged
Not sure exactly why, but a couple days ago my right eye started becoming more sensitive to light. Whenever I look at a light source, there is a glow around it that almost looks like a fog. Or kind of like when you take a photo with a smudged lense. It also reminds me of how your vision sometimes looks right after you wake up, but only when I am looking at light sources. Was wondering if this is something that would clear up on it's own or not. I've had this for about 3 days now and its kind of getting annoying.
##########
47M - sudden onset of blurred vision photophobia and eye pressure of 26
Hello.
I am a 47 year old male with inflammatory arthritis and occasional hypertension.


I woke on Tuesday with blurry vision, worse at a distance, pain when I try to focus, photophobia when using the computer or entering bright places, pain behind my eyes, mainly the left eye above near my house and behind it when I turn it. 


The eyes look fine but due to concern about Uveitis I went to the eye emergency. 
To their surprise no sign of Uveitis, disc was 0.6 and I have significant Blepharitis. Vision once focuses was 6/6 and colour vision was pretty good but not perfect. 


When I turn to look to the right it's blurry and feels like the muscles are getting stuck or swollen or something and it's blurry until I strain and then it hurts. I also have pain around my ears and sinuses. 


Never had any prior eye issues at all. 
The other abnormality found was an eye pressure of 26 in one eye but the  said it was unlikely the cause because 'it wouldnt be acute'.  Does that sound correct? 

Have been told to try eye drops and drops for eye pressure to see if it helps. Any thoughts?
##########
23F Narrow Eye Angles
hi there! 
im 23, f, hispanic, 5’4 and 260 pounds, no medications, and the only thing i have is PCOS. 
ive been having the most intense migraines ive ever had. i went from working in retail to working in an office looking at screens for 10 hrs a day. so naturally, i assumed the migraines were from that first. then my eyes were blurry, the migraines were getting worse so i went to the eye doctor telling her the pain i was in. i feel like she didn’t take my migraines serious but she did inform me that i have “narrow eye angles” and sent me to a specialist to get checked and i assume the laser procedure. 
now- my problem is that my vision feels like it’s getting worse. blurry, my head CONSTANTLY hurts and the pressure sometimes is unbearable. do i just wait till i see the specialist? do i go to the er? does anyone have any recommendations that can make day to day life more bearable for me? 

I’m really at a loss here, having to leave work early all the time, missing events, missing time w family. im so frustrated! 
thank you in advance friends (:
##########
33M - Would I be able to get glasses for when I remove my rgp contacts at night?
So I have keratoconus and I’ve gone to the doctors and have finally received my specialty lenses. I’m on week 2 and I’m still adjusting. But so far so good. 

But every night when I remove them, sometimes I do want to watch some videos or read a book and I don’t want to be placing the screen so close to my face. 

Is there a remote possibility of getting glasses for my contacts downtime? I know it can’t correct my vision perfectly due my my extreme astigmatism but I could get something at least right? 

For reference. This is my prescription

Right
SPH | CYL | AXIS | VA 
-4.00 | -1.50 | 180° | 6/7.5 + 2

Left 
SPH | CYL | AXIS | VA 
-4.00 | -10.50 | 140° | 6/12 + 2
Near ADD +3.00 | - | - | N18
##########
33F Eyelid Lesion
I’ve had a small red upper eyelid lesion come and go for the past 4 years. It would appear a couple times a year and always go away, so I was never concerned because I thought it was just an irritated hair follicle. 

Anyway, 4 months ago it appeared and hasn’t gone away which really has me freaked. I went to the dermatologist who was not concerned about cancer and electrocauterized it because of what he called telangesia (sp?). That didn’t do anything to reduce the lesion and it’s still there. 

Opinions on what this is? I can’t find anything on google that really looks like what I have going on. It’s not raised.


##########
28F- Uncomfortable bump on upper eyelid for a month
Hi! I’ve had this uncomfortable (sometimes painful) bump inside my upper eyelid for a month now. Warm compresses don’t seem to help. I’ve also noticed some tenderness near my nose. Also some redness between the corner of my upper eyelid and the side of my nose. Any ideas what this could be? Thank you! 




##########
16M - Possible RD
Please help.
Got smashed in my right eye by a shuttercock last week while playing badminton.
First few days nothing much just dark curtains at the corner of my eyes at night.
Recently I have been getting some flashes, thankfully no floaters yet though.
Is this RD, and should i check with a doctor?
Mainly wondering if this might be RD or if im just overreacting since there arent floaters
##########
31M, Has my Congenital Cataract lead to a Rental Detachment.
Hi,

This may not be the best place to post this but I've tried a few different subreddits so thought it was worth checking on here as well. 

I (31m From the UK) was born with a Congenital Cataract in my left eye. It was successful removed with surgery when I was a baby and I have regained a good amount of my vision in that eye over the years. 

However, over the last couple weeks I notice flashes of light, and increase of floaters and a change in my peripheral vision in my left eye. Scans show that I now have a partial detachment of my retina in my left eye and I'm wondering if the two conditions are related at all. 

I've not had any significant knocks to the head which could result in the detachment and I'm thankful it has occurred in my weeker eye rather than my stronger one. Am I just really lucky or is it likely this is a long term side effect from my cataract and following surgery as a baby?
##########
27M- had optic nerve decompression
M 27, had optic nerve decompression 

Hello. I’m a male that weights 230 of height 5’6 and hasn’t smoked since july 13 and 
I recently went through optic nerve decompression on my left eye 2months ago. As of recent I’ve been getting this yellow/red puff on the left side of my eye to the bottom section . It only occurs when I go to sleep and fades away slowly within some hours leaving my eye with redness. I’ve tried keeping my head up while sleeping but it’s hard to see if that’ll reduce this from occurring. I’ve visited an eye doctor and they said it’s related to dry eyes but I’m not sure if they saw exactly what I’m seeing even tho I showed pictures. I’m also noticing floaters in the morning but they’ll leave as well. Any info is helpful thank you


##########
36F Popped Stye Healing?
Hi! 36F Had a stye that popped up 3 weeks ago. Finally came to a head Thursday and it popped while I was doing my eye cleaning regimen. I’ve just been keeping it clean and doing hot compress before bed. It’s now smaller but whats left is a small yellow dot. Is it normal? Is that yellow part a scab and will get smaller or do I need to see my ophthalmologist and have him drain it more? I attached a photo. I do have erythromycin eye ointment on hand but unsure if I should use it for the healing. 


##########
47F sudden loss of sight post covid NAION?
Last weekend I woke up and had lost vision in the upper half of my left eye. I tested positive for covid 2 weeks prior and took Paxlovid. I saw my eye Dr who sent me to our eye institute who sent me to our local university hospital where I was admitted. I have had a ton of blood work, eye ultra sound and MRI. I show elevated inflammation on my blood work and both optic nerves show inflammation with the left being much worse. They are saying it's NAION. I do have a smaller optic nerve structure but none of the medical things that predispose people to NAION, non smoker, physically active, no diabetics. They want me to be tested for sleep apnea. Im a caucasion female below the average age of onset. I'm waiting for the neurological Optimologist at the eye institute to return from vacation. I'm scared right now by the lack of information. I'm a special education teacher and if this worsens or affects my other eye I'll be unable to work. Is there anything I can do since this is very new? Any trials, research, testing. I know at the hospital they found me fascinating given the recent covid and some other documented cases with covid. I'm desperate for options right now.
##########
26F - strange lump/bump in eye
Around 2 days I felt a pain in my eye when I woke up. I assumed automatically it was a stye. I looked around my waterline and couldn’t see anything so I just figured maybe it was small and the start of a stye to come. The pain hasn’t gone down at all if anything gotten worse. I figured maybe it was inside my eye and it was. I got a picture of it. My eye is super sore to touch and even blinking hurts. I’ve never had a stye on the inside and from I remember they don’t look like this? I could be wrong. I wear mascara but very little and make it a point to wash it off everyday. I use no eye products at all. 

Any ideas? 


##########
35M soccer ball injury
Hello,
I got hit by a soccer ball on my left eye about 5 weeks ago. The next day I saw an opthalmologist and was told there is a retina concussion (commotio retinae).
Attached photos are the oct scans took yesterday. On the second pic marked in red looks different than normal. Could this be a reason for the obscured vision on the left eye vision? My left eye vision is partially obscured as drawn in 3rd picture. Could anyone please help to explain about the OCT scan result?
Thanks for your valuable replies.


##########
35M Asian- What did they write?
What did they write?

Its very difficult to read the hand writing of the paper given to me. 
In particular I hope to read the PD written because 05.30mm doesn't sound right.

Can someone try to read it? Thanks!



35M Asian Non Smoker
##########
25 m - reoccurring red spot in eye for MONTHS. don’t know what to think
25 m here. 150 pounds, no previous health conditions. 5”9.

i’ve had this reoccurring red spot in my eye for MONTHS. i’m not sure what it is. it’s definitely gotten redder over the months but it doesn’t hurt. as of recently, it has felt dry. 

long story short, i went to the eye doctor - she first told me to use aritificial tears. that didn’t work. she then prescribed steroid eye drops. YES! it works… well kind if. it’s only been a week but it’s still somewhat there.. like a reddish yellowish spot… and comes back fully sometimes. i’m going crazy trying to figure out what this is! i’m nervous it could be something more serious

can anyone help?

eye before eye drops: 

eye after starting eye drops: 
##########
28f, folliculitis conjunctivitis and head pain.
Hi, 28f. 

History: asd repaired through open heart surgery in jan 2024. Had surgical site infection:pseudomonas but cleared with antibiotics. 


Been having headache since end feb 2024 till now. Scheduled an mri on 30 sept 2024. 

Pain that starts at base of skull when i lay on something too long. Headache at night(3am ish)once in a while(once a week only). Recently lasting longer(3 hours) than usual(1hour). No medication helps.

Eyes will be red when i wake up. Will be red throughout the day. Sometimes lightheaded and nausea and slight loss of balance but neuro says doesnt seem like anything serious. 

Eys will be more red on exertion and head pain gets worse during motions such as cougging, sneezing, passing stool and exercise(weightlifting, jogging). The pain radiates from left base of skull and goes right by left temple and through my left eye from the back. 

Recently about a month ago, my eye started feeling poking sensations lasting seconds each time so i went to look around my eye with a torch and i noticed my inner bottom eyelid has this tiny bubbles filled with fluids. Cjecked on all 6 of my families eyes. Theirs looked smooth. I googled and its called follicular conjunctivis. Its still here in my eye!!;Im trypophobic and i have eczema. This thing is making my sitation worse. Im going crazy.

Is this folliculitis conjunctivitis causing my headache or not related? What is causing this thing? Im itching everywhere due to the clusters of circles. Yikes. Help me. Only symptoms i have is chest tiredness and laboured breathing from time to time.
##########
26M - Black dot in my eye. Please advise
Hello, Since this morning I’ve been feeling like I have something in my eye, kept rubbing my eyes but feeling never went away. Later on my girlfriend noticed that there is a little black dot inside my eye. She tried to remove it with a wet cotton swab however, can’t seem to dislodge it and it’s just ‘stuck’ in the same place and doesn’t move it all. 

Does this look like a foreign object or something else? Thank you in advance? 

Photo:


##########
20M - High Prescription and Reading Music
Hello hello! I've had pretty bad eyes for my age since like 1st grade (no eye diseases, I have a checkup every year, my parents just both have terrible vision). My current prescription for my full-time glasses with progressive lenses is:

OD: -9.50 Sphere, -1.50 Cyl, 007 axis, +1.25 near add

OS: -8.75 Sphere, -1.75 Cyl, 172 axis, +1.25 near add

I'm in school for choral music education at the moment, and in my career I plan to conduct choirs, which requires me to be able to read music from a stand much farther away than I'm used to. I've never had real issues with this as a performer-- I memorize everything I perform as a solo vocalist and nobody cares if one guy in the choir is holding his music weirdly close to his face.

I recently started the first of many conducting classes, where I'm supposed to be getting more comfortable on the podium/conducting for a choir. The problem is, I need to have the stand/music wayyy lower/farther away than normal to have enough room to move my arms around and connect with the ensemble, but I can't read anything as small as printed music at that length (about a foot in front of me, at hip height or thereabouts).

I already changed how I make notes in my music to compensate (I use an iPad with a specialized app for reading music, so I just started using color coded highlighters instead of writing myself notes in the margins or adding notation symbols that are invariably too small), but its still challenging for me to see the actual Contents and I end up making silly mistakes in my gesture because I'm misreading the score (missing time signature changes, telling them to go to the wrong measure, missing expression markings...list goes on). Fully memorizing every piece of music I conduct from now on also feels very impractical (I'm very precise with what I want, expression-wise, and I have ADHD and difficulty memorizing in general).

I asked my professor what he does, since he also wears glasses and I think has progressive lenses, and he said that he asked his eye doctor for fixed-prescription contacts, but they still ended up being too blurry for him to use effectively, and now he doesn't really have a good answer.

I was wondering if there were any options for me to be able to see what I'm teaching well enough, and if so, what they were? I get really bad headaches when I squint for too long, so I don't want to just grin and bear it, but I don't really know what my options are/what to ask for to fix the issue long-term. Ideally, I'd also like to be able to hold my music farther away from my face when I sing in the choir, but I'm happy as long as I can conduct effectively.

edit to add: I'm black/white biracial, taking 40.5 mg of testosterone and 20 mg adderall daily, I don't smoke, I have no other medical issues.
##########
46M - Ocular Rosacea Leading to Trichiasis
Caucasian; no additional medical issues other than unresolved gut/GI issues; athlete; super clean, organic, macro-focused diet (high protein, low inflammatory causing); rarely drink alcohol, non-smoker, no drugs (not even prescriptions, vax).

UPDATE: I'm now using ivermectim, eye lid cleaner with tea tree, chamomile, aloe vera, and hyaluronic acid, a hypochlorous acid eye spray, and icing my eyes (in an attempt to reduce eye lid inflammation).

Has anyone here had to deal with Ocular Rosacea-Trichiasis? If so, what has worked well and not so much?

Two MD opinions:

1. Go nuts with antibiotics (oral + drops + topic cream) - my gut issues are from antibiotics
2. Electro hyfrecation of eye lash follicles (cauterizes deep down into follicles one by one killing them)

In theory, resolving the Ocular Rosacea will rotate the eye lash follicles back to proper position.  I've had scratched cornea from eye lashes, hence the urgency to correct.  I have bandage contact lenses fitted now. I do not have infection or mites in my eye lids/eye lashes.
##########
41F Mystery Eye Issue
Caucasian female no history of eye issues. Long time rgp lens wearer. Back in March I thought it would be a good idea to rake all of the winter leaves, eight large bags. While I was raking and sweeping the sidewalk pretty aggressively, something flew into my right eye causing me immense pain. As an RGP contact lens wearer I'm not a stranger to this pain when something invades my eye. I tried to move it out but pushed it up. The pain went away. A few days later the upper right corner where it went became very irritated. I saw a doctor who said that I had scratches underneath my right eyelid and prescribed an ointment and tobramycin drops. I stayed out of my contacts for a week. 

This is a long story please stay with me. While using the ointment my right eyelid became puffy/blepharitis looking. I stopped the ointment and stayed on the drops. Things started looking up. Blepharitis went away. 

In April, I started getting infection looking drainage and took out the one contact. Went to a doctor who saw a chalazion in that spot under the eye. Not big enough to remove. He blamed my contacts. More tobramycin/dexamethasone drops. 

May, June, July went by and I continued in my rgp lenses. Fell into bad habits again started sleeping in my contacts, felt like maybe finally I was done although I could see the veins were always a little stressed in that upper right corner under my lid. 

Fast forward to August, both eyes started watering profusely. Left eye had been perfectly fine for five months. See another doctor who diagnosed me with keratitis and follicular conjunctivitis. Put me on oflaxicin and more tobramycin/dexamethasone. Resolved the keratitis on my corneas but not the follicular conjunctivitis. I finally discarded my rgp lenses August 1. She sent me to a specialist who gave me an erithromycin ointment and albumin drops, again got blepharitis which hasn't resolved. This time in both eyes. My eyes have now been watering for a month and the follicular conjunctivitis has not resolved. I have a doctor telling me that it could be cancer and I need a biopsy. 

I don't understand how I went from getting something in my eye and my right eye only being affected for five months to possibly having cancer. I still get pressure pain in the right eye corner where something got into my eye. I need advice I really don't want to do the biopsy.
##########
18Month Female- Intermittent strabismus
How quickly does intermittent strabismus in a toddler (18-24 months) need to be seen by an eye professional. Is 2-3 months for a new patient visit with ophthalmology acceptable or should they be seen by an optometrist with sooner availability since the patient can’t communicate their symptoms?
##########
26FTM, optic neuritis with no pain, had MRI+LP with no results
i went in for a routine eye checkup for my prescription glasses and the doctor found my optic nerves swollen in both eyes. this was not present at my last checkup a year ago. this prompted a trip to the ER for an MRI and spinal tap to make sure there was nothing putting pressure in my head like excess CSF or a tumor etc. MRI came back fine, my CSF number (?) was 26 which i was told is just barely above the threshold of normal and nothing really concerning.

now i'm wondering what the hell is going on with my eyes then? i'm pre-op pre-HRT if that matters, so no testosterone treatments etc. no recent trauma to my eyes, just vision that worsened enough to make an appointment for my prescription. i do have follow-up appointments with professionals, but in the meantime i'm really curious as to any ideas anyone might have for my situation. thanks so much!

i'm white, didn't know i had the issue until today, and take cymbalta + seroquel daily. i take marijuana edibles regularly and drink socially
##########
28M what is on my eye



Example in image. I noticed today there's a noticeable brown spot but the redness has decreased. Not sure what could have happened, my gf says I've always had a little brown spot there but I didn't really notice it until today. 

Could anyone give me an idea of what this is? I don't have insurance or money to go visit a doctor.
##########
2, Child with RPE defect
Hello,

they found a RPE defect in one of my childs eyes. We went to the hosptital to rule out a retinoblastoma and it is not dangerous. We are relieved but still wonder how a rpe defect can happen. Can anybody here explain to us why this happened and what it really means for seeing? The doctors in the hospital didn\`t have time to explain anything to us.
##########
4F Horners?
Hello everyone,

A few weeks back, my wife noticed our daughter had different sized pupils. We went back through photos and it appears she has this on and off.

We first went to her pediatrician where she responded perfectly to all cognitive tests. Then we Went to an eye doctor and her pupils
Responded normally in office but they ordered an MRI based on the photo I’m attaching. She has never had a droopy eyelid and no issue with sweating on either side of her face.

With the MRI over a month out, I am looking for some different perspectives.

Worrying for my little one…



##########
25M Is this Retinitis Pigmentosa?
Yesterday I go to an eye doctor because I may have dry eyes, and after looking at my fundus photo the doctor said that there are something wrong with my retinal pigment (retinal pigment disruption in his wording) potentially because the fundus image appears darker in general. The same doctor said something simliar three years ago. The doctor thought the darker fundus image may be caused by too much screen time and say if I don't reduce my screen time my vision could progressively decrease.

The worrying point is the "progressively decrease" part and "pigment anamoly" wording that are too simliar to Retinitis Pigmentosa. However, the doctor said it is likely not RP because RP is almost always inherited(this could be wrong). Also there are no such a distinct disease as "pigment anamoly" -- this is just an observation and at most a symptom.

**Pro-RP evidence:**

"progressively decrease" part and "pigment anamoly" wording that are too simliar to Retinitis Pigmentosa.

I does rarely have some flickering (like a malfunctioning lamp) at my peripheral vision, maybe once a month at most

**Confusing part:**

There are no such a distinct disease as "pigment anamoly" -- this is just an observation and at most a symptom.

**Anti-RP evicence:**

I have no classic nightblind and restricted VF symptoms (IMO, I can mostly confirm my night vision and visual field when using rod cells are at least working well but without objective measurements we can't say for sure)

The "pigment anamoly" in question is just the image being darker in general and no bone spicules (or other dark spots) can be found

No progression in "pigment anamoly" compared to 3 years ago

**I am both too tired and too afraid to do further testing. So should I be worried?**

  
update: fundus image [ 
##########
32M Can dilation cause mild irritation for days or did a tech scratch my corneas?
Two days ago I got my eyes dilated to check for a possible retinal tear, and while the tests themselves came back without issue, my eyes have still been mildly burning and feel a tad like sandpaper. While getting the retina photos, the tech insisted on holding my eyes open *by hand*, and was rather rough in the process. And I suspect she maybe mildly scratched my corneas. 

So my questions are:   
- Can eye dilation cause irritation several days later? If so, how long does it take to fully go away? (My eyes are no longer dilated or blurry, they just kinda irritated).  
- Does dilation increase the risk of things like corneal abrasions or other physical damage? If so, how?  
- How long does it normally take for mild corneal abrasions to go away? I've read around 48 hours, but I'm already close to that mark. How long should I take or how much pain to schedule another appointment if necessary? 

Sorry if these are really basic questions. But getting any questions answers IRL has been difficult.
##########
25F Non-stop eye styes with no other symptoms
Hello! 

I’ve been getting styes/chalaizons constantly for around 6 months. I’ve had one surgically removed and last week I got one drained, plus the ophthalmologist went over all of the eyelid area of both eyes and drained any glands that seemed clogged. I’m on antibiotic treatment since then. i seemed to be doing well but another stye has appeared. I’m doing the whole eyelid hygiene and warm compresses thing, and I’ve been doing it for ages. I take omega-3, don’t wear makeup, contacts… I’m honestly sick of it, my self-esteem is down the drain.

The thing is, one ophthalmologist said it’s blepharitis, the other one said it doesn’t seem to be cause I don’t have any other symptom. No crusty eyelids, no eyelash loss except when the styes grow directly on the lash line (I usually get them inside my eyelid), no watery eyes, no itchiness or red eyelids unless a chalaizon it’s developing or finishing its life cycle. I will go again to the doctor but I don’t have the appointment for another few days and I’m worried to spend +100€ to leave without answers again, so if someone might have a clue that is going over mine or the doctor’s head I’d really appreciate it. Thank you. ❤️

Edit: I don’t take any medication. I smoke 1-2 cigarettes a day, always in a ventilated area such as a balcony. I’m white. The antibiotic I’m taking is an ointment called Oftalmolosa Cusi de Icol.
##########
31M. Possible eye melanosi?
Possible eye melanosi?

 I have an eye doctor scheduled for a month but I am worried that it could be melanosis, what worries me is its possible evolution into melanoma. I am a 31 year old European guy, the spot appeared last month after two weeks at the seaside.

you can see the pics here:



thanks for your reply
##########
47M - Can you help me understand this letter from Ophthalmology?
Hi!

  
I've had a glaucoma check st the hospital after an optician check up. Their letter lacks a layman's summary, and while I've been referred back to GP (UK) they're being.. evasive.

  
'GP to prescribe: Glaucoma virtual (GRR) review. Referred for : narrow angle and right disc suspicious of glaucomatous change. BCVA/OP: stable. CCT thick cornea. Angle OCT: open - needs gonioscopy to confirm. Mac OCT: stable. Disc OCT: tilted? Thinning? Visual fields : stable. Imp: glaucoma suspect based on glaucomatous changes disc OCT, thick cornea.

Plan: follow up 3 months (GI3 or GL2) with visual fields and disc OCT. Please gonio.'



Can anyone tell me how worried I should be, and what the hospital is proposing as the next step? The GP is saying it's not their problem, despite the letter giving the impression it's been passed back to them.

Thanks in advance.
##########
19M, solution to my eyesight
When I was young (11-12yo), I was playing video games so much that sometimes I would continue during night, and it made my eyesight bad, also COVID made it even worse so at 2022 I bought new glasses, my vision became better, but it was dependent to glasses, so that's why I ask you, do you know any way to fix my eyesight, I wasn't born with a bad one, also when I tried those 144hz eye training, I recognized the sometimes my eyesight becomes much better, so I think I might have a solution.
What do you think I should do?
##########
28F - Are Prism Lenses Necessary?
Are Prism Lenses Necessary?

Hello! I finally saw an eye doctor for the first time since 2017 because I’m starting a new job on Monday that involves sitting at the computer all day. My previous prescriptions were all for near sightedness and astigmatism. During a thorough appointment today that included pupil dilation the doctor said that my eyes don’t process normally, and they’re extremely strained all of the time due to that, which lead to it seeming like I was near sighted when really I am far sighted. 

The eye doctor prescribed the new prescription and also said that I needed +0.5 BI Prism and antifatigue/blue light blocking on them. Unfortunately it’s difficult for me to go into a store to get my glasses, I don’t actually live where my eye doctor is and I leave to go back home on Saturday so that’s why I couldn’t just get my glasses there. I was planning on ordering my glasses online like I usually do, but I can’t find anywhere that offers prism lenses, only transition. 

 So my question is, are the prism lenses a necessity or more of a suggestion? Would I be fine to just get the prescription without the prism lenses, or should I try to find a place in person that does them and order them that way even though I might not be able to get them for a while?
##########
29M - Starbursts, glare, slight ghosting with bright text on dark background
Hi everyone! I’m new to this subreddit, so I hope my post doesn’t violate any of the rules.

 

Background: I’m 29, male, and have a couple of eye conditions, such as strabismus and amblyopia (which has been treated pretty well when I was a child. The visual acuity in my ‘bad’ eye is somewhere between 20/20 and 20/25)

 

Reason for my post: I have had starbursts, glare, and slight ghosting for quite a while now. I think since the summer of 2021. But I just figured that my prescription had changed slightly, and I would eventually get around to getting it updated (which is most definitely not the recommended way to go about it, but I had a master’s thesis to write). I eventually got my prescription updated in July this year and had a minor increase in both myopia (-0.25 in both eyes) and astigmatism (-0.25 in my right eye). Which brings my current prescription to OD: Sphere -4.5, Cyl -0.75 and OS: Sphere -4.75, Cyl -0.5.

 

However, when I got my new glasses, I was disappointed to find that all of my symptoms persisted. I admit, I panicked a little bit and went on a googleing spree and was pretty convinced that I had keratoconus. I then had an appointment with a different optometrist, who did a corneal topography, which showed that that was not the case. My corneas were completely healthy. He figured that it could be dry eye and gave me some drops, which have not yet had any effect. I have also had a follow up appointment with the original optometrist, who confirmed (like the second doctor) that my updated prescription is correct.

 

I think I read pretty much every reddit post about people with these symptoms, but I’m really perplexed about what causes these issues for me. Do any of you have the same symptoms? Did you ever figure out what causes them?

Update: In case anyone is interested, I think my symptoms might actually be dry eye related. While eye drops did next to nothing warm compresses really made a difference in the last couple of days. The ghosting completely disappears for some time after each mask. I‘ll try to get a consultation with a dry eye soecialist and will keep you all updated.
##########
40M Swelling in upper eyelid/under eye


About two months ago I went to the dr for swelling in my upper eyelid and under eye. They said it was an infected stye, which I didn’t believe but they prescribed antibiotic eye drops. It got better, but never went away fully after another dr visit and both eye drops and an oral antibiotic (only been on them for two days), I’m still dealing with some swelling. It seems to stem from the white sac in the outside corner of my eye, which is more swollen than the other. No pain, no blurry vision. Any ideas?
##########
17M I don't sleep much at night. I keep seeing random flashes of light sometimes. Is it a sign of retinal detachment?
I haven't been able to sleep for long at night. Night sleep (if early mornings are included) takes up about 1 or 2 hours out of all sleep I get in a day. I can't sleep at night because that's the only time we get power here, and I'm trying to find ways to make money in the absence of my dad. I know for a fact that I see random flashing lights from time to time when I apply pressure to my eyes and other times, but for the past few days, I have seen them around much more. I can't get to an optometrist because we can't afford a hospital, and we don't have free healthcare here either. Is there a way to get some kind of free online review?

If it helps, the only eye issue I know I have is astigmatism. Sometimes when I sleep and wake up, my eyes feel salty, and during the day, when the sun is out and I'm outside, I struggle to keep my eyes wide open without tearing up and have to squint to avoid too much light entering my eyes. I'm not on any medication; I only take magnesium supplements for my back pain, and I'm black  
Any help is appreciated
##########
28F possible internal stye or chalazia?


Hi! I’ve had this sore/stye/chalazia (whatever it may be) for 3 weeks. Pic link above. I’ve been to My eye doctor twice. The first time I went about a week ago, he prescribed me erythromycin eye ointment, and a week of cephalexin by mouth. Those did not seem to do the trick so I went again yesterday and he prescribed me Maxitrol eyedrop which are a steroid and I believe to antibioticsin one eyedrop. He also gave me doxycycline for the next week. I’ve been trying warm compresses, but they seem to make my eyes even more sore. Has anyone who has had an internal stye in the same spot been able to successfully get rid of it without having to have it removed? I will say it does look 10 times better since I’ve started the Maxitrol eyedrop’s and doxycycline. 
Thanks!
##########
30M sudden milky looking eye
Hi, my partner had issues around 4 years back with an unknown eye infection / parasite, it was never really treated effectively and it wasn’t confirmed exactly what it was but this has left his vision very poor and his eye very sensitive to light. He’s just come back from a holiday in a sunny place and I’ve noticed his eye is looking milky. No one had noticed anything abnormal about his eye before he went on this trip, so about 2 weeks ago. He hasn’t noticed any difference in terms of vision, pain etc. He’s planning to call his eye consultant tomorrow morning, but thought I would ask here if anyone has any kind of idea what this could be. 
I noticed it looking at him from the side in a dimly lit room but looking at his eye in good lighting it’s very obvious that it’s very white/blurred. It’s not evenly blurred over the eye, but covers most of the pupil and some of the iris. 
Thanks. 


##########
25 F dropped contact on floor and back in eye
Dropped contact on floor

Hi so I wear daily contacts and one fell out at work while I was rubbing my eye. I have shit eyesight so I picked it up and all I had to clean it with was clear eye red eye drops. I put it back in for a few minutes and then found a spare contact and switched it out. What are the chances I end up with an infection.
##########
36M - concerned about steady vision deterioration and eye pain 2 years after a PVD and subsequent cataract. Please help!
Hi all, I had a spontaneous PVD in May 2022, loads of flashes and huge increase in floaters (I always had a load of floaters anyway but they never bothered me. These ones do though). 

Repeated visits to opthamology have reported no retinal damage or anything, and two vitro retinal surgeons said I wasn't a candidate for a vitrectomy, even though the floaters in my left eye are so debilitating, I find it very difficult shifting focus and glancing at things as theres such a thick haze of floaters that has to settle down. 

6 months after the PVD I developed blurry/double vision in my left eye which turned out to be a cataract. It has since been removed 8 weeks ago, and follow up appointment was all OK. 

However my vision I feel is really deteriorating, the surgery has definitely worsened the already immense amount of floaters in my eye. Small black dot like floaters are appearing more and more, and since the cataract surgery I have a blind spot to my far left, really compromising my peripheral vision. It really seems like the dark curtain type thing they warn you about with retinal detachments. But optician couldn't see any problems last week. 

What confuses me is, ever since the PVD I've had a constant discomfort and pain around my left eye. Which is getting worse since the cataract surgery. 

Could this just be eye strain or something more serious? I had the PVD in the other eye about the same time as the cataract formed, but I've never had any discomfort or eye pain in that eye at all. It's always the left eye. Constantly feels like I need eye drops in the left, but they don't help much. I don't have dry eye either. 

Really concerned as it's definitely getting worse, and don't think I'm being taken seriously enough. 

Thank you in advance!
##########
39F fixed black spot affecting vision
39F. Black spot in right eye that just appeared.The black spot looks like in this picture and affects the central vision, can only see out of peripheral at this point. Worried now that the same kind of spot is now forming on the left eye. The retina specialist has run labs and done and exam and has no idea what it is. A CT scan has also been scheduled but we're desperate and going for a second opinion today. Any other specialists we should be trying to see? What questions do we need to be asking? 


##########
32 (M) irritation post corneal abrasion
I accidentally poked myself in the eye back In July a piece of equipment. Led to a lovely corneal abrasion. Had a contact bandage put on and antibiotic drops and seemed to recover according to the doc.

However intermittently sometimes when I wake up (usually if I’m jolted out of sleep) my eyelid where the abrasion was seems to almost get “stuck” and then when it opens it feels like I’ve scratched it again (though the pain/irritation doesn’t last, usually a couple of hours max).

This has been happening on and off since late July (initially injury happened on the 7th of July). Going to schedule a follow up with the doc today. 

Note: I put  liquid tear drops  in every night to help with dryness and this has seemed to lessen the frequency, but not stop it.

Any thoughts would be appreciated
##########
24M Keratoconus treatment
Hey people,
I've been to my eye doctor regarding a keratoconus in my left eye and I've been told to get a cross linking surgery as well as advised to get PTK (phototherapeutic keratectomy) in order for some adjustments. The thing is that PTK was only advised to get done, whereas cross lining must get done. It comes with a huge cost, so I was wondering whether or not PTK is recommended to get or not.
Will it make my life more comfortable?
Will it stop my disease from getting any worse?
Will it make getting my new pair of glasses easier/possible to get?
Just for you not to misunderstand me. I'm getting cross lining for sure, but I am hesitant about PTK. Thanks in advance.
FYI I am a healthy, white male without addictions. Rarely drinking and not smoking.
##########
22M Ectasia After 2 years of LASIK. CXL recommended in one eye
Sorry, this is in Georgian, but I think you will understand. My doctor suggested CXL for my left eye and no CXL for my right eye. What would you suggest?
General stuff about me 22 M who had  LASIK 2 years ago few months ago bad vision only in one eye. I’m working long hours infront screen nightshift. I have started using eye drops( I have severe dry eyes) Omega 3, D3 + K2, Eye vitamins. not rubbing my eyes and trying to use 20-20-20 rule what else can I do?


##########
18M Possible retinal detachment?
My last eye exam was not too long ago and was also done with optomap, previous to it I had started noticing more floaters and flashes of light, I explained this to my doctor but referred to the flashes of light as after images and she said it is a normal part of the aging process, now I’m frequently experiencing them when I’m working outside and they last no longer than 30 seconds, I’m myopic with a L SH -4.50 C -2.25 R SH -2.50 C -2.25 prescription, I am Hispanic male and do not drink or smoke, I currently take trazadone 75mg trazadone for sleep and 450mg Wellbutrin daily and was wondering if I should set another appointment or take her at her word?
##########
18M Black line at the edge of my iris
Hey, everyone. I'm 18M, and today I was looking in the mirror and noticed a singular straight black line across the edge of my left iris, I was searching for what it could be and I have no idea. I've previously been diagnosed with lattice in the same left eye and do not wear glasses or any prescription. If this is a call to go see my eye doctor please let me know. Any help is appreciated, Thanks.

Photo of my eye: 
##########
38 m Mild vision correction needed but doctor weakened one lens instead of making the other one sharper, need advice
I have a weird situation, when I had my eye exam, my glasses ended up with one lens not being strong as the other, and instead of sharpening the weaker lens he weakened the prescription on the sharper lens saying my eye won't register anything stronger and said he couldn't sharpen it. I have a very mild prescription where I can almost read all the letters on the bottom of The chart, so why would he not be able to correct the lens to be sharper when I've seen people with very thick glasses? It doesn't seem right. Now I'm constantly squinting because they are not strong enough.
##########
4month old one eye slightly smaller
I just noticed that my baby’s left eye is slightly smaller than her right. After going back through photos it seems it started about a month and a half ago. Since she was born her left eye has constantly had a lot of eye goop in it. Her pediatrician said it was normal and that it should go away on its own otherwise we can treat with antibiotics in a few months. Now I see that same eye slightly smaller and I’m worried that her constantly having eye goop there (we clean it but it returns after every nap) made her right eye the dominant eye and her left eye droop. Could that be? Is there anything else I should be looking out for? I also notice she opens her eye wider at times and tilts head back sometimes so scared it’s ptosis. Any thoughts are very appreciated. (Cross posted)
##########
43m, European, mild conjunctivitis-like symptoms for ~8weeks after new glasses. Drink alcohol and coffee, dont take drugs prescription or otherwise
Morning all. Apologies for bad description, but I am not an expert on eyes or appropriate reddit boards

I got some new glasses after my previous pair broke. It had been about 4 years since my last check up but my prescription hadn't changed, the only thing was the correction for astigmatism had been ever so slightly increased. The new glasses lenses are bigger than my old ones, wider and taller (I have a small head and a smaller budget, so getting glasses that dont make me look ridiculous and are affordable reduces my choice). I wear glasses all day, and have done for about 20 years

The first night after I started wearing them I got what I thought was conjunctivitis in one eye (i have a toddler, so medieval diseases are not uncommon for me at the moment), that snotty gunge that glued my eye shut over night. A couple of days later, this cleared up but the same happened to my other eye. Since then, the conjunctivitis has faded but not completely. My vision is 1970s porn-film blurry in the morning and takes a few mins to blink away, I have to clean the eye-slime away during the day more than usual, and it gets worse in the evening. Its nothing painful or bad enough for others to see, but its quite a noticeable to me change from how my eyes usually are

Its been like this for a couple of months now, and I've not experienced anything like this when I have previously gotten new glasses. Is this just a normal adjustment to them, or more likely me being very tired and run down, a symptom of being middle-aged, or something else?
##########
41M Optometrist Unable to Address Digital Eye Strain
Two months after I turned 40 in 2023, I started to experience strained eyes while working in the office (at the computer all day). When leaving the office, my vision would be blurry, and my eyes would water and remain sensitive to light until the next day. I also started to experience issues with clearing seeing objects up close (typical issue due to age).



The same issues began to be noticeable when on my home computer, and iphone and tablet.



It stopped for a few months, and then in Spring of 2024 it came back, and has been an ongoing issue for the last 6 months.



Note: As per my doctor, I have a slight astigmatism and I cannot see distances well. I have been wearing glasses since 1994 and never had eye strain issues until now.



In June 2024, my optometrist changes my prescription with anti fatigue lenses (he said the magnification is throughout the lenses, not a portion of the lens). The lenses are also tinted when I go outside so they naturally have a blue light reduction filter on them.



OD: -4.25 Sphere | -0.75 Cylinder | 005 Axis | +0.75 Add

OS: -4.25 Sphere | -0.75 Cylinder | 146 Axis | +0.75 Add



This resulted in NO noticeable change to eye strain, in fact, I could no longer see objects in the distance as clear as I used to.



That same month, the doctor changed to the following:



OD: -4.75 Sphere | -0.75 Cylinder | 018 Axis | +0.75 Add

OS: -4.75 Sphere | -0.50 Cylinder | 137 Axis | +0.75 Add



With this new pair, My distance vision improved but no change in digital eye strain. I stuck with it for several weeks, with no improvement.



A few weeks ago, I received a third prescription:



OD: -4.75 Sphere | -0.55 Cylinder | 005 Axis | +1.00 Add

OS: -4.75 Sphere | -0.50 Cylinder | 178 Axis | +1.00 Add



After getting used to this prescription for 2 days, I experienced 3 full days of little to no eye strain, however it has returned and I am starting to get very anxious as this is affecting my work and personal life. It takes a full 1.5 days after I finish work on Friday for my eyes to get relaxed. 



I noticed I have no issues watching TV on my couch.



My work and home desktop monitors are about 25”-30” away from me. The monitor is positioned slightly lower so my eyes are naturally angled downward towards the centre of the monitor. I have also increased font size, use eye drops regularly, and follow the 20-20 rule while reminding myself to blink often.



I don’t know if there is something I may be overlooking from an ergonomics perspective, or if the issue is with the eye glasses.



When looking at screens, text appears very clear and I do not squint, but the muscles around my eyes quickly get strained.



I would appreciate any insight and recommendations.
##########
24F, conjunctiva lacerations not healing
I hurt my eye (something from the wind got into my eyes). I saw the doctor and she gave me some antibiotics. It’s been 4 days, and my eye still looks the same… scary. My eye is still red. It also itches. When I put the eye drop in, it hurts by the scar site. My eyesight is a little blurry. 

Is this normal? Is it healing? Why is it not getting better? Should I recheck with the doctor?
##########
24M diagnosed with alternating esotropia, diplopia + more diagnosed after LASIK and was told I couldn't work for a year...advice on what to do next?
Hello all, it's Caleb again.

I went to see a developmental optometrist on the 19th after experiencing bad symptoms such as vision blurring in and out (de-focusing) every three seconds, diplopia, slight double vision on everything and noticeable eye turn.

The appointment went very well and I'll give a short summary of what occurred.

I went to see the provider and had a lot of trouble doing the usual Snellen chart test to do my prescription.

My vision again, blurs every three seconds and splits if I focus on something too long...it is like this all day and does not dissipate or change no matter what I do.

If I close one eye, the splitting abates but the blurriness still occurs.

Thankfully my provider could tell that I was having a lot of trouble but later when examining the report I could see why...I have severe misalignment after LASIK surgery.

This included a diagnosis of alternating and accomodative component in esotropia, bilateral spasms of accommodation in both eyes, diplopia, lack of visual-motor co-ordination and visual discomfort.

Apparently I have SPK on the right eye which isn't shocking as I haven't been able to treat my dry eye adequately.

Currently, my doctor is planning to prescribe a new glasses prescription (Eyezen) which should help with eye-teaming, focusing issues in addition to improving stamina and changes of focus as he knows that my vision is very unstable.

He recommended I continue to treat dry eye, also brought up that I might get sclerals at some point and he agreed but stated "to put it on hold" in the meantime while I fix this first, which makes sense.

I'm trying to avoid scleral lenses as they are pricey and I simply don't have the financial resources to go that route and insurance does not assist at all.

I tried to inquire about prism lenses but was told that I don't need them surprisingly, still a bit skeptical about this.

I was told to discontinue wearing my old glasses in general for now until the new ones come in.

I'm unsure why but they might have been messing my focusing system up.

I will go to the office to test the glasses out and definitely wear them full-time as it's better than what I currently experience by a long shot.

Upon further research, it seems like the prescription should relax my focusing system and reduce the spams entirely...just worried that it'll not be enough.

I went in with disability papers to get signed and my provider stated that I couldn't work for at least a year and why which is shocking to say the least...I had a feeling it was misalignment but it was the one specialty I didn't really focus on in the past when younger.

At this point, I plan to work on a case for short-term disability as I cannot work with these problems.

What's a bit worrying is that on the report, this is written, "Glasses do not cure visual deficits but reduce the tendency for double vision and expand visual fields."

I'm looking for a long-term solution so I can function better and get back to work and enjoy my hobbies but it seems like I could be stuck yet again.

Furthermore, I was a bit surprised that no other treatment options were offered at the time, especially prisms as that would make the most sense.

I went to an optometrist in February and I only had a bit of phoria but in six months apparently the misalignment worsened quite a bit which is saddening to say the least, I had no clue it got that bad.

I was also prescribed Eyezen lenses by that optometrist but my prescription was going to expire soon so I decided not to at the time, kind of ignoring the situation as I thought everyone had a bit of phoria.

Although my next appointment is just to pick up the glasses and do a brief prescription check, I might get a chance to speak with the doctor...worst case I have a follow-up appointment two months after that day where I can bring up my concerns.

Here are the questions I will propose:

1. After I receive my glasses, is there a cure for the conditions I was diagnosed with?   
  
What else can I do i.e. vision therapy, eye patches, prisms, etc.

2. I've heard that Atropine drops can relieve the spasms, is there any way I can get those please?

3. Do you think I should see a pediatric ophthalmologist for a second opinion on when I'll need surgery and if I should pursue it as I know that I definitely have significant misalignment issues a.k.a. alternate esotropia, accomodative issues etc.

Overall, I am very blessed that this provider accurately diagnosed what was going on after I've been to countless specialists, wasting a lot of time and money when all of them state it was dry eye.

It's weird that I'm developing all these "presbyopia" like symptoms at 24 to be honest.

I'm planning to stick with this provider as he was the first to accurately diagnose what was going on and although it'll take time, is willing to help alleviate my symptoms.

If someone replies to this post, I'm willing to share my report, prescription and other documents related to the appointment for further assistance but don't want to violate the tenth rule in this post.

Thank you all for the prior help and guidance.

I don't want to deal with my vision blurring every three seconds and splitting if I focus too long for a while...very difficult impairment to grapple with.
##########
30F Recurrent Corneal Erosion
Edit: none of the local urgent cares treat or even see patients for eye abrasions.

About 12 weeks ago, I found myself with a corneal abrasion. Took 4 or 5 (excruciating) days to heal, but it healed. Took numerous naps because having my eyes closed was the only way to stop pain.

Six weeks to the day later (a saturday), woke up with the pain starring and getting worse over the day. Called an eye doc Monday to schedule a same day appointment. Recurrent Corneal Erosion was the only guess since it happened 6 weeks prior. They gave a steroid drop, put on a contact bandage, and gave me some drops to use 4x/day (I'll admit.. I wasn't the best at taking them religiously, but did do at least 2x/day). I went back 3 days later (Thursday) for a check and they had me keep the bandage on for the weekend and continue with the drops. Went back Monday for another check. Took the contact bandage out and prescribed a cream for me to use under my eyelid. Said a surgical option might be the next step. Well.. thanks to my pharmacy, by Thursday, they still didn't have the prescription. So I went to a different pharmacy Friday and got the cream - if I had known I was able to purchase without a prescription, I would've gotten it sooner. I was to use it nightly for 2 weeks. 


Well... fast forward to this past Saturday (2 days ago), and another 6 weeks to the day, the recurrence is happening again. Only this time, I'm also pregnant. The eye doc is closed today since it's labor day. I'm planning on calling urgent care to see if they can help me until I can make it to my eye doc, but I'm really annoyed and nervous about it. My kids are back in school and I have drop off and pick up daily since my husband's job isn't flexible like mine.

Will I have to have surgery? Is that something that I can do while pregnant? 

I still have the drops prescribed (ciprofloxacin), but from what I'm  reading, they aren't necessarily safe to use while pregnant. I previously used the Muro 128 5% ointment and it seems that might be safe to use while pregnant. Can I restart using that without a prescription until I can see the doc?

This is painful and I'm tired of it. Will I be dealing with this every 6 weeks like clockwork?
##########
38M Blood/red fluff? on eyelid wipes. MGD-Ocular Rosacea
I'm 38 and have been dealing with dry eye/MGD/ocular rosacea for about 2 years now, I also have alot of anxiety issues and autism. I've been using extra strength ocusoft eyelid wipes once or twice a day for a few months now and every so often when I wipe my left eye I'll get these red marks on the wipe. I'm unsure if its blood since it doesn't really smear much and I can push it around on the wipe afterwards. I'm concerned since I don't know what else it could be. I don't use red towels or bed sheets so I don't think it is random fluff that is being picked up and put into my eyelashes/eyebrows. I don't see any visible blood on my eyelids/lashes nor coming out of my eye. My eyes do have a lot of visible red veins due to the diseases I have.

Other products I use include:

Thealoz Duo PF (used to use but switching over),

Hylo Dual Dry Eyes PF (using this mainly now),

Refresh Liquid Gel (at night),

Bihocl OD Hypochlorous Spray (2-4 times a day),

Bioderma Intensive eye cream (on my eyelids at night),

Bioderma Sensibio (on my cheek rosacea at night),

Bioderma Sensitive Gel to wash my face/eyes with (morning and night)

I just now tried to use another brand of eyelid wipe and another red speck is there, albeit much smaller and this time it was on a systane lid wipe. My mom said it could just be something embedded into the cloth but I ripped one apart and I didn't see anything.

Pictures:

 Pictures of the wipes


Pictures of my eye and eyelids (kinda gross since I'm putting my lids up and down to show inside lid).
##########
18M, I just a bought a new pair of glasses but I think my astigmatism is getting worsen.
I am Asian, but not the typical 'yellow' one as the title suggests. On July 26, 2024, I bought a new pair of glasses that I really liked. However, I'm concerned that my vision might be worsening because my right eye doesn’t see well. It’s blurry, and sometimes I experience double vision for unknown reasons. My optometrist told me I only have astigmatism and nothing else. My left eye is at 80, while my right eye is at 150. My optometrist also mentioned that I have a slight lazy eye in my right eye. I just turned 18, and I'm wondering if my astigmatism might be worsening due to my age. I don't use any kind of medications or substances. I will get checked it out but I just want make sure that this a abnormal or it is natural since check ups are expensive here in my country, thanks for the peolpe will answer this. Sorry for the horrible english and grammar
##########
39M Bilateral Tractional Retinal Detachments
Im an african american male with type 2 diabetes who was diagnosed with bilateral tractional retinal detachments. on june 5th this year. Mac off on both ... was presenting no symptoms until late may when blurred vision and flashing lights were present in my right eye and a small but noticeable decline in vision in my left eye.  

After being diagnosed I was prepped for my first surgery on my right eye july 8th. Pars Plana Vitrectomy with membrane peel with silicone oil used as tamponade. Everything was going smoothly post op recovery until a small shadow appeared in the 3 o clock of my periphery one day before my 1 week post op appointment. Told my surgeon and had several scans done... direct and indrect exam with no findings. Was told i might be seeing the oil bubble. one week after i saw flashing in the 11 o clock of my periphery and a small shadow appearing there. Off and on flashing throguhout the day and both small shadows growing a long periphery kind of meeting each other. 

I called my surgeon and was brought in for more tests the next day. Scans and exams.. the whole battery of tests all over again . Still nothing ... was told it could be the meniscus im seeing... literally 4 or 5 days later more shadows in periphery and flashes in the 9 o clock to 6 o clock. Now i only have like 30 percent of my periphery i can see without shadows and meanwhile i was getting  my left eye scanned and prepped for surgery august 19. Had the surgery on that eye and already within a week of that surgery a small shadow appeared accompanied by small flashes in periphery. Top half of that eye is shadow and 9 o clock to 6 o clock is shadows as well. Scan and exams show nothing ,,,, but my vision is beyond horrendous and the shadows are ominously waiting along the edges like they cant wait to close in but yet and still my surgeon is making no big fuss about and saying the shadow in my left eye might be blood. Scans and exams on both eyes show nothing. Mt vision is very blurry and the shadows are there . I would say my visual acuity is light perception. im abke to use my pc and phone and tab through extreme magnification. It looks like im looking through very foggy windows with black tape all along the edges. Horrifying. I know with the severity of my situation that i was in for a long road to recovery but i wasnt expecting to see shadows in my recovery especially ones that look like the dreaded shadows of RD. These shadows only move and retract when i look at them then when i look away they move back in position and then even pull towards my central vision in reference of whatever direction im looking. 

Im going for a second and third opinions next week because i dont want to go totally blind. It might be too little too late... i might be on the table for multiple surgeries but im not going down without a fight. Im trying to keep a little light in these eyes and i just hope i can salvage something. 

Im just asking for a few honest opinions and also is it possible to mist recurrent detachments in both eyes along the periphery? After atleast 10 oct scans and direct indirect exams in both eyes each... pre and post op? My surgeon says everything looks ok but i have a bad feeling and extreme anxiety .... knowing that i might have to get surgery done again and that i might go totally blind... even if it might be temporary ijm still beyond scared. I want to keep some light in my eyes.
##########
4 year old diagnosed with unilateral optic nerve swelling
Hi, as the title states my 4 year old was diagnosed with unilateral optic nerve swelling at her eye exam on Friday. No known headaches, no vomiting, and her eye test showed no notable vision loss. 

I’m just curious if anyone has seen or dealt with this, especially in a child, what it ended up being. We go in this week for an OCT to take a closer look. The optician mentioned getting a brain MRI depending on what the OCT shows. He also mentioned the possibility of it being Morning Glory, but Google tells me she should have some vision issues if that’s the case. Also curious if I should keep the appointment with the optomitrist or head straight to an ophthalmologist. 

Any info helps, thanks!
##########
23M Very cloudy/smoky vision in one eye
Two days ago, my vision in my left eye suddenly deteriorated significantly, everything was fine the day before, it looks like there is smoke or fog everywhere, or that I am looking through the lens of a prescription glasses that is full of fingerprints. Other symptoms that I notice are slight pain in the eye and slight redness on the right side, but no white spot in the center of the eye that could indicate cataract. Any idea what it could be? I don't see any visual difference between my left and right eye besides the redness on the right side. I don't use drugs and I'm not taking any medication, but I was supplementing vitamin d2 (5000 ui) with k2, but stopeed when the eye issue started because it was making my sleep worse. Thank you.
##########
28M Unknown eye problem
Hi! I have a problem that I have been unable to find help for so far. For the last week or so, I have had intermittent lines appearing on my vision. They are incredibly distracting and I can see them even when I close my eyes. The lines go in and out. I wear contacts and have scheduled an appointment at my local eye doctor.

I've drawn a picture showing it the best I can

[
##########
24F - Thoughts on using polysporin antibiotic drops after pus drained from stye?
I have never had a stye where pus is coming out from my waterline. I am worried that the pus may cause an infection. 

The only antibiotic drops I can find in store are the polysporin ones for pink eye. Unsure if that would help with non-pink eye issues as I just want to prevent any further infections from the pus.

I don’t know if I should just leave it and hope it gets better on its own now or use the drops.

Please let me know your thoughts, thank you!
##########
45M Floaters after 360 lattice degeneration laser treatment
As the title says, I had laser treatment on my right eye for lattice degeneration and two holes in the lattice.  Since then, outside in the daylight, I’m seeing floaters in my vision.

I asked the dr about this, and he said this has nothing to do with the laser surgery and that I’m healing fine.

I do not recall seeing floaters in this eye, and certainly not to the degree of noticing them in the day light.

Is it possible the surgery has spurred these floaters?

Example of what I’m seeing is the shadow example here: 
##########
23M Opened eyes under salt water w contacts
So I forgot I was wearing daily contacts and basically swam in the sea, even dove and opened my eyes a few times to see what it looks like under.

I swam for maybe 30-40 minutes and when I left the water I remembered about them and took them off (they were kinda stuck to my eyes) and threw them away. 

Its been a week and for the last 2 days I’ve been having some foreign body sensation in my right eye.

I’m kinda scared that its acanthamobea but I guess it’s probably not cause it would be worse but maybe it’s in early stages? 

But again I took off the contacts right away so my logic says I should be okay unless im like 1 in a million levels of unlucky.
##########
32M dark/blurry spot in right eye
I have this dark/blurry spot in my right eye that often come and go. Im not sure what the trigger is but i think its exposure to just bright area in general. 

When I close my eye its looks like that particular spot just got flashed by a bright lamp in that spot even though it wasnt being flashed in any way. 

[It looks like this on 24in monitor from distance of ~25 inch/63 cm from screen.](

What is this and how can i deal with this since sometimes it become very distracting
##########
26F keratoconus + cross linking + implanted contact lenses + aberrations
Hi everybody,

I hope you are well,

I am posting this message on this group because I am encountering the following problem : since April 2024, I have been seeing aberrations (mostly halos and ghost images). The question I want to ask the community is : according to you all, what is causing these aberrations ?

Here is the context: I have been diagnosed with keratoconus in 2020. I have undergone a cross-linking operation in October 2020. I have been implanted implanted contact lenses in March 2021. Since April 2024, I have been seeing aberrations (halos and ghost images). According to you, what is causing these aberrations ?

Disclaimer: As you can guess, I have already consulted specialists (3) and they all have diverging answers. 2 out of 3 specialists let me know that they would not indulge in further reasearch to figure out the cause of the aberrations. Thank you!

Thank you for your answers!
##########
30f Tadpole Pupil Syndrome
Hi, the last few days I’ve been experiencing blurry vision in my left eye for a few seconds. During this my left pupil will change/distort its shape for around 20-30 seconds. I also get dizzy sometimes during it and rarely have slight pain/discomfort behind the eye. This will happen around 20-30 times a day. I can feel it happening most times and it feels very strange. 

[eye photo](




I’ve been to ED and my optometrist who both suspect it’s something called “spontaneous tadpole pupil syndrome” but haven’t seen it before in either of their careers so aren’t 100% sure yet. My optometrist is asking colleagues and other ophthalmologists for advice and info. I am waiting for an appointment with an ophthalmologist. Just wondering if anyone has seen/had experience with this before. I’ve had no eye surgery or trauma.
##########
23F I need some help with reducing the appearance of a brown spot on my eye
Around 2-3 years ago I developed this brown spot in the white of my left eye. it has never affected my vision but it has grown and now appears visible in my photos. I went to my primary care physician and he said that it appears to be cosmetic and not something will negatively impact my vision. it’s been getting more noticeable and I was wondering if there was any way to reduce its appearance. I asked my doctor but he said not to worry about because it’s just cosmetic but I want to make my eyes look whiter. 


##########
6M, red cornea &amp; filmy border around its
[6M developed redness in the inner cornea and a filmy border over the edge of his iris. Started 8/24. No trauma, no visual loss, or drainage and complains of some burning when prompted. Debating on taking him to ER vs waiting for ophthalmologist appt on Tuesday.](
##########
29F Pingecula?
My eyes do feel a little bit dry but other than that no pain. I’ve never had problems with my vision so much so that I usually waive my health benefits for vision but I noticed this spot about 2 months ago and it’s not going away on its own. I’m going to check this out with my doctor as soon as I can secure an appointment but could it be pingecula? 


##########
50M- vision changed after corneal scratch
Longtime contact lens wearer who also suffers from dry eye. About a month ago, suffered what I think was a corneal scratch in left eye. Had intense pain and tearing. Went to urgent care 1.5 days later. Was prescribed an antibiotic. Pain went away but had very hazy vision for next five days. Saw ophthalmologist- he said eye had completely healed. I didn’t wear contacts for about a month. Hazy vision went away. I went to optometrist yesterday, and my vision has changed. Much harder time correcting my distance vision to 20/20. Also, I am much more farsighted with contacts than before. Anything within 12 inches is completely blurry now. Also, she measured my tear breakup time at only two seconds. I am very concerned that my vision hasn’t returned to normal after a month and what role dry eye is playing in my vision recovery.
##########
31M; Spot in vision
Hi,
I'm currently on holiday in very bright weather  and hot (31 degrees).
I have a dark spot in my left eye only. If I'm looking straight it appears at a position similar to 11pm on a clock. It is not going away and I don't know what to do.
I did notice my new sunglasses may have had the left lens coating damaged which could angle the light awkwardly in my eye but other than that I have no idea.

Should I be worried?
Should I avoid the sun for it to heal or anything?
I just don't want to make it worse.
##########
27m pain in right eye
Had lasik 4 months ago. No issues until recently right eye I've started closing last few days to focus on stuff. Yesterday become painful, overnight cant. Sleep. Eye burns lots of water. If I hold it shut too long it hurts. No relief. Idk if I can take allergy eye drops or not. Not sure if it's due to lasik or infection or allergies. Here's a pic 




I'm on Medicaid for a couple months so I'm scared to go to eye doc lol. Idk about urgent care and ER seems extreme so waiting for lasik place to open to ask them their thoughts. I get free followups with them anyway.

In other news I feel like this is a nice phone for taking pictures of my eye

Edit: lasik eye doctor said it likely wasn't due to lasik. Also here's a video cuz why not lmao


##########
02M - My 2.5-Year-Old Son's Vision Challenges—Looking for Support and Insights
Hey everyone,

I'm reaching out here because I’m feeling a bit lost and need some support or advice from anyone who might have experienced something similar.

My son is now almost 2.5 years old. Since he was born, we've noticed some unusual behaviors concerning his vision. Initially, he used to glance at lights a lot, and it took us about 4-5 months to realize that he wasn't really making eye contact or looking at our faces. By the time he was 6 months old, it became more apparent—he would only focus on lights. He could spot a tiny light in the corner of a room or reflective objects like plastic water bottles, but he wouldn’t notice any other objects.

We consulted with a neurosurgeon and an ophthalmologist early on. His initial eye tests didn’t show good results, especially the WEP test. However, after about a year, when we repeated the test, there was some progress, but we still don’t know the extent of his vision. 

The situation is a bit confusing. He doesn’t make eye contact but seems to recognize pictures in books and guess them correctly. He’s also able to see things on screens without any issues. However, he needs a lot of light—he can’t see in low-light conditions at all.

We’ve seen several expert eye doctors, but none of them have been able to pinpoint exactly what the problem might be. His eye structure is perfectly normal, so it’s unclear if this is genetic or something else. 

He started walking later than usual, and some of his other developmental milestones are delayed as well. 

I just want to know if anyone has experienced something similar with their child or has any idea what might be going on. Please feel free to ask for more details if needed. 

I realize this might not be the perfect platform for medical advice, and we’ve already sought a lot of professional help, but I’m hoping that someone out there might have some insight or even just some words of support.

Thanks in advance for reading and for any help you can offer.
##########
37/M - Corneal Ulcer Healing Time
Hey all, I'm a 37 year old male, and I'm hoping I can get some advice/comfort/reassurance about a recently diagnosed "defect" on my cornea.

I went to an optometrist yesterday after persistent eye irritation for 4 days. I originally thought I scratched my eye taking my contact lens out, but after a few days of irritation, redness, off center cloudy vision, and a foreign body sensation, I finally got an appointment with an optometrist. She did a thorough exam and she said she saw a "small defect." Since I can see a very tiny hazy white dote near my pupil when I shine a light on it and I'm a contact lens wearer, I'm assuming its an ulcer. She prescribed ciprofloxacin drops 4 times a day, and I'm seeing her again in 3 days. I've only done 4 treatments of the floxacin so far, and have been using TheraTears throughout the day too.

I know these things take time to heal, but I'm just wondering what the normal healing time is once you start the antibiotic treatment. (I'm admittedly an impatient person and suffer from a bit of health anxiety). I'm not really in pain anymore, it's more just an annoyance like there's something constantly in my eye, but my slightly blurry vision off to one side has me worried. Should I anticipate getting steroid drops once I'm done with the antibiotic drops? I'm more just looking for some reassurance that this is the normal course of things and I'm on the right track. Thanks in advance!
##########
35F I'm in the U.K. and have an accommodative spasm which causes pain when reading and throughout the day. I found an optometrist initially who provided the correct lenses to fix the issue, but not since Any info or advice. Please, please help me if you can.
I'm in the U.K. and am desperately looking for someone qualified to treat this issue. When I go to any optometrists since the first one (who retired) no one can help.



I’m F30, this has been persistent for 10yrs. I don't drink or smoke or take any drugs, I am otherwise healthy. 



They don't seem to even understand the issue and give me a prescription that is mild, but doesn't fix the eye pain and headaches. The correct lenses should technically make my vision worse (at least for a time) but reduce the tendency of my eyes to over focus and cause pain.

I am so tired of this persisting and I just want my soul back - the person that I am underneath who loved to read all day without crushing pain. I have done two degrees, one an MSc and it was agony. I don't think anyone deserves to live with this, especially when such an easy solution should be available.



I just need the right person to prescribe the lenses as before (sadly my glasses were stolen and I can't get any help from the original place, I tried - it was a long time ago when I didn't have the confidence to approach this  and just believed all the wrong information I was told.)



I have been to at least 6 regular optometrists and went to Moorfields eye hospital to check nothing else is wrong with my eyes. All of the advanced testing from the normal optometrists from today was normal, but I still have no correct prescription.



Reddit please help me. I just want my life back. I should be doing a Phd, not languishing with an awful headache whenever I try and read the books I love.
##########
53F; Retinal Detachment - Mac Off
I had a retinal detachment (macula off) last year and now have a central blind spot which makes reading next to impossible with that eye.  Sometimes everything flashes into focus for a split
second but then the blind/fuzzy spot reappears. Anybody have similar experience that improved with time
##########
34F - curious about something I was told
Hello!

Back at the end of 2022 I had a sudden increase in floaters + flashing in both eyes. Immediately went to see my optometrist who did a dilated exam and diagnosed bilateral PVDs (not surprising since I have high myopia in both eyes). She told me to book a follow-up appointment in 6 weeks just to make sure everything was still okay. At that follow-up, upon looking into my left eye she told me to immediately go upstairs to the ophthalmologist in the same building as an emergency appointment because she saw blood in my vitreous and was concerned there was a tear or hemorrhage that she wasn't seeing.

I go up there, the ophthalmologist says he can't see any signs of hemorrhage or retinal detachment but that there are some abnormalities in the blood vessels in my eyes and he'd like to see me again in a few months (around May of 2023 at). Cool, I book the follow-up. When I went back, he did a dilated exam, then kind of frowned and told me he needs a better look so he was going to put in eye numbing drops so that he could then use something that would hold my eye open and give him a better view.  
After all of this was done, he told me that the blood vessels in my eyes had changed even more since the first time I saw him, that he would send a note down to my optometrist, and that it was *really important* that I get my eyes examined regularly so that my optometrist could keep track of the changes (which he seemed to be saying were not normal and were going to keep happening).

I didn't think much of it at the time, so I didn't ask any questions, but I've been wondering off and on since then...what could he/they be seeing? What do changing blood vessels in the eye indicate?
##########
31F - Gray arc formed on the side of my iris. Any clue what this is?
Hello - I’m new to posting on Reddit so sorry in advance lol. Basically I just noticed today that I have this strange gray arc on the side of my iris, as well as some blue color around the whole thing. Will post images below if I can.

Some context:

I was born “blind” in my left eye, and had surgery as a baby to remove some sort of “film” that was covering my eye. Sorry, I don’t know the name of the condition or what procedure was done, but I know that they made a hole for the pupil in my eye. It does not dilate like it normally would, and I wore an eyepatch over my good eye for 8 years so that I would have better vision on the left side. 

Basically, it’s always been my “bad eye” and I don’t use it as heavily as the right, so if my vision has gotten worse on that side, I haven’t noticed.

I tried looking up what it could be, but so far I’ve been unable to find something that looks like it. I’m going to make an ophthalmologist appointment ASAP, but I’m just nervous and wanted some opinions. 

Thanks in advance for any help!

Edit:

[here’s eye pics](
##########
32M; at wits end with red eyes 9 months
Any suggestions? I’ve had red eyes since Nov last year - I mean red, not bloodshot vessels/ veins. I mean no whites at all.

I wear contacts (blue light filter), But it makes no difference if I change to glasses instead.

Optometrist put me on prednisone drops for 10 days, somewhat helped but didn’t stop issue.

Ophthalmologist put me on FOS for 4 weeks, again got down to a better level but not normal, so put me on FOS for another 8 weeks. I never got to white, but got back to a level of visible red vessels, but the eye was mainly white. 
Within a day of stopping back to full red.

OTC drops like lumify will clear the redness, but are completely red again within 2 hours

The only time they were somewhat clear in the past 8-9 months was when I took a month off of work and wasn’t in the office, which seemed to clear them up after 3 weeks. Within a few days of going back to work they are as bad as ever.

As I said I wear contacts with blue light filter - so not sure if it’s screen irritation or not.
The clearing up while on holiday was recent so it’s the first time I’ve suspected it could be strain related.

The ophthalmologist checked for eye disease, dilated, etc etc and said eye health is fine.

No irritation, no itchiness, no dryness. Worst immediately in the morning.

Do I keep going back to ophthalmologist and trial and error?

Screen filter?

I’ll try anything !
##########
25 F Blurry Vision After Bacterial Pink Eye
I contracted bacterial pink eye almost two weeks ago. Symptoms started showing three to four days after that. I was able to get prescribed eye drops (ciprofloxacin) three days after symptoms started showing. I've now been on these eye drops 7-8 days and my eye is back to white. No discharge or tearing however, I've noticed that what I thought was something inside my eye for the past few days, is actually blurred vision. My eye has been back to normal since yesterday but I notice the vision is blurry in the eye that is/was infected and I'm just wondering if anyone had experienced this? Did it go away for anyone? If any health professionals/optometrist health professionals are in here, any advice? Is this bad?
##########
62- F. Dark area above tear ducts.
I was taking a pic to see if a cyst on the white of my eye was getting smaller and noticed a black area between my eyeball and skin right above my tear duct. Took a pic of my other eye and see the same thing. I have to be looking toward my nose for it to show.  What structure is in that area or is it like a gap of sorts? My partner doesn't seem to have it.
##########
28 F CWS
So today I noticed there was something wrong with my right eye and immediately went to the eye doctor. They found a cotton wool spot. I don’t have HIV, not diabetic and no hypertension. I’m healthy and at a healthy weight as well. I know sometimes I do struggle with high cholesterol. The stuff I’m reading online that can cause it is honestly giving me really bad anxiety. My stress levels are alright but nothing crazy. Has anyone had this before? This literally seem to have come out of nowhere.
##########
25f a question about lazy eye treatment?
A question about lazy eye treatment? 

I have had a lazy eye since I was a little kid. When I was 6 I was supposed to start patching. I would take the patch off and then got switched to eye drops which was very traumatizing to me and did not last long. Any ways to my understanding your only suppose to use 1 drop in the lazy eye, but my mom was a drop in both the good and lazy eye. I did wear glasses. Just wondering if anyone has heard of this?
##########
35 F optic disc haemorrhage
I’m a 35 female, Caucasian with history of migraines. Friday, midday I got black floaters in my eye and then this strange spot that hasn’t left my left eye since. It seems to be worse in the mornings. I went to my eye doctor today and she diagnosed me with an Optic disc hemorrhage but was lost as to why I would have one as I have no signs of glaucoma or detachments. I’m very concerned and left wondering why this would happen and if I’m going to go blind. She said there’s no treatment for it and sent me on my way. Feeling pretty shaken up with the lack of answers. Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Medications I take are: pantoprazole, escitalopram, Ativan, over the counter migraine relief and over-the-counter code and flu meds for the decongestant because I have sinus issues. I do not smoke or drink.
##########
29M, Diluted Drain Cleaner Splashed in Left Eye
Hello all! I apologize if this is incorrectly posted, I read through all the stickies. I was trying to clear out a clogged kitchen drain and put some chemical drain cleaner (called Thrift) into the sink. I dumped 3-4 kettles of boiling water (so maybe 2-3 gallons total), and then another gallon or so of water from the tap. I went to the hardware store to get a plunger, came back after about 30 minutes, and then filled the kitchen sink a bit with water (so the drain was full and a bit of the sink) and used the plunger. A bit of water sprayed up in my left eye.

I immediately realized that I was in fact, NOT, wearing my safety glasses, and went to wash out my eye for about 5 minutes with water. Then I took a break, washed it out again for another 10-15 after consulting poison control. I don't have nay redness in my eye, nor changes in vision, nor any amount of *pain,* but I still have some irritation and it feels dry (probably from the water irrigation).

I would imagine it would be extremely diluted chemical, since i had dumped a good amount of water down the drain and it had been about 30 minutes, but I am just overly paranoid. I have an appointment scheduled first thing tomorrow morning with an Ophthalmologist. Is this diligent enough, or should i be going to the ER?

Thank you so much in advance!
##########
28M Hit to Head
I was elbowed in the left side of my forehead twice by someone and after I think I noticed two new floaters appearing in bright light. I’m already blind in my left eye from a retinal detachment I had as a baby so I can only see out of the right eye. Is it worth seeing an ophthalmologist to rule out another possible retinal detachment?
##########
28F Loupes &amp; Convergence Insufficiency
Hi everyone! I hope this is the right place to post this question. 

I’m (28F) in dental school and I’ve been working with loupes for almost a year now. Also about a year ago as part of my intake, I did an eye exam where I was told I had a convergence insufficiency and to do pencil pushups. 

I do get motion sickness but other than that I didn’t really have any symptoms like difficulty catching things, nor have I been particularly clumsy that I would associate with convergence insufficiency.

I occasionally get headaches but we’re not allowed to have water with us at our seats when practicing with loupes so I can’t be sure of the reason for the headaches. 

When I look through my loupes, there is not one magnified circle, it’s more like a Venn diagram. I don’t know if that is because of my convergence insufficiency and it’s something I should learn to live with or if I should pursue having the loupes adjusted.

I hope that’s enough info, and if it’s too much then I’m sorry!
##########
22F, unilateral eye redness after stye
Hi! I am experiencing some persistent eye redness in one eye after having a stye in that same eye. The stye has since resolved, and I have been using strictly lubricating eye drops, not astringent or any that would instantly clear up the redness, as well as the Stye brand eye ointment. I’m just wanting to see if maybe we think I should go to a walk in appointment and get some specific eye drops, or if it seems infection related and may need antibiotics. I will go to a doctor before doing anything else, and is this regimen good for before I can see a doctor? Any advice is appreciated! This has been about 2 weeks, about four days of the Stye then the rest of the time has just been redness. Moderator says it’s good to mention I am Caucasian, drink socially, and have not experienced persistent eye redness before, and take lexapro 10mg once a day (for three years now).
##########
23F Can I wear spherical lenses with astigmatism?
Hi there! I really hope my post isn't against any rules - I read the stickied post, I'm aware that this is absolutely not a doctor-patient relationship and I've read the rules but please do let me know if anything is against them. 
Thanks in advance for taking the time! 

My situation is this: I've got a Comic Con coming up and the character I am cosplaying has deep, chocolate brown eyes. I, however, am not only blind as hell, I've got bright blue eyes. This wouldn't be an issue if not for the fact that my cornea is also shaped like a rugby ball. 

My current toric contacts are: 

Right eye
Dioptre: -6.50
Cylinder: -1.25
Axis: 020

Left eye
Dioptre: -7.50
Cylinder: -0.75
Axis: 160 

So, in essence, I just want to know if it would be okay to wear spherical, non-toric lenses for a day for the cosplay and still be able to see? I found a calculator that claims to convert it and got the following values: -7.00R and -7.75L. 

The reasons I'm not just buying toric coloured contacts are twofold. One, the only affordable brand that is available in the UK is ToriColors which does not stock the colour I need, and two, custom made ones will set me back £180 for one pair. 

I'm aware that coloured contacts aren't great for eye health as it is, but I've got a truckload of contact safe lubricating eye drops, excellent hand and eye hygiene and experience in wearing and handling contacts. It would only be 6 or so hours of wear. 

I know my vision won't ever be as clear in sphericals as it is in torics, but I'm crossing my fingers that the answer is: you'll be able to see, just a little worse than usual.

Thank you so much for taking the time to read and respond. I appreciate you all! 

Obligatory for automod: 
23F, non-smoker, non-drinker, no drugs, betahistine for vertigo, venlafaxine for anxiety, birth control for PCOS.
##########
30F Does this sound like NAION?
Hello, I recently started Wegovy 6 weeks ago. I already only have vision in one eye due to being born with Microphthalmia in one eye. In the last week in my one good eye, I have developed light sensitivity and eye strain. I wouldn’t necessarily describe it as blurred vision. I have been using drops just in case it is dry eye but it’s not helping. I am freaking out considering the recent study that has come out and yes, I am going to see my dr this week. Any insight?
##########
34F - Should I make an appointment with an ophthalmologist? What’s the best next step?
I am a lifelong contact lens wearer. One night, I took out my contacts, and I noticed that it felt like there was an eyelash in my eye. Classic foreign body sensation, but I couldn't feel it at all as long as my contact was in. I booked in with my optometrist. 

He told me that my eyelids are not producing oil properly, and told me to do the following: warm compress on eyes immediately followed by digital expression, various different kinds of eye drops, and take an omega-3 fish oil supplement. He also prescribed me a week of steroid drops to initially take care of the foreign body sensation in my right eye, but that the eyelid oil production issue was the "root cause" of everything.

This diagnosis surprised me a bit, because he said it would be causing my eye to feel very dry, and I had not noticed any sort of dry eye issues. 

Regardless, I followed his instructions. After just two days of the steroid drops, the FBS went away, and I continued with the rest of the treatment plan. 

But now I have a new issue that I've noticed in the same eye. Basically, now my right eye does feel pretty dry. It's REALLY bad right when I wake up in the morning. Initially it feels so dry it feels like my eyelid is swollen shut, but I blink a few times and it gradually comes back to normal. My other issue is this dull ache ALL AROUND my eye. It almost feels like it's in all of the areas my sinuses are, but all throughout the day I will feel this ache that comes and goes surrounding my eye. The pain is not extreme, but rather as though my whole eye is a "sore muscle." 

Should I book an appointment with an opthamologist and share the above complaints? Or just continue with the treatment plan and hope it gets better? Any advice is appreciated.

TIA.
##########
36 (M) Constant Chalazions
Hi hoping someone can help. I am at my wits end. Starting in 2021 I got my first chalazion on my upper right inner eye lid. I had it surgically removed a year later. Fast forward to 2023 I had another chalazion form on the upper right eye lid on a different location. Months later on the left lower eye lid another chalazion formed. I have now had both of those surgically removed.

I am 3 weeks post-op and those seemed to have drained now another chalazion appears to be forming on the right lower eyelid outer corner. 

My eye routine since the Chalazions reformed is as follows:

Wake up - Systane Eye lid wipe, Systane Tears. (Since surgery I wet my eyes then place a microwaveable face mask previous to the above)

Night - Microwaveable face mask, lid wipes, tears.

Am I doing something wrong? I clean the mask and make sure my towels are swapped out every couple days. Both my optometrist and ophthalmologist say this is related to eye hygiene but when they look at my lash line they say it is clean. Any recommendations? Should I use a tea bag? I started taking Omega-3 yesterday after reading that helps.
##########
29F Sudden red lines under irises



Red lines appeared under each iris overnight. Is this something that would constitute an ophthalmology appointment or just wait it out? Experiencing a decrease in eye pressure lately, wearing glasses less often too. Just strange to me it’s near the same location in both eyes. Thanks!
##########
27F lumpy cyst under eyelid?
hi there! important context i suppose is that i will be seeing a rheum in a month after skin biopsy was positive for something in the realm of lupus. based on other differentiating factors and symptoms it seems that dermatomyostis is more likely, but i think scleroderma and amyloidosis are on the list my dermatologist gave me for things to rule out. 

unsure if related, but wondering what this chunky thing inside my eyelid might be, pics of both eyes included because i think it’s present in the left eye to a lesser degree. my eyelids are pretty swollen all the time and have been twitching for almost a year lol




thank you!
##########
33F bump on eye post surgery


On August 6, I (33/F) had surgery for a partial retinal detachment in my left eye. I had a scleral buckle placed with a short acting gas bubble. My eye has been healing up pretty well - gas bubble dissolved at 2 weeks post-op and I'm on a steroid (prednisolone) drop 2x a day and weaning down each week per surgeon- but I did notice I have a bump on the inside white of my eye. Wondering what this is? Doesn't really cause me pain or anything but I don't want it interfering with contact lenses when I finally use them again (not until 3 months post op per my surgeon). Assuming the bump is part of the healing process but just curious what is is and how long it takes to heal. Thanks!


##########
27F Higher prescription adjustment time
So my old prescription was -6.0 in both eyes and after my exam I discovered it had jumped to -7.0. I also have very bad astigmatism. I just got my new lenses and the side effects are so bad. The vertigo is to the point where it’s hard to walk, my eyes hurt from the strain, I’m nauseous, and I have a massive headache. I know that it’s a pretty big jump so an adjustment period is normal but holy hell this is worse than I’ve ever experienced. How long does it usually take for eyes to adjust?  Is there anything I can do to alleviate these symptoms?
##########
34M Weird part on whites of eye
I currently wear glasses -4 both eyes and I have this weird glassy looking area that looks like it's floating on the surface of my eye or my lens is floating in the white area I have seen a doctor a few times for it they say it's normal and I'm wondering what could be causing this as I'm only in anti depression medication nothing else that should be causing this. 
Here are a few pictures to show you this weird patch.

However I'm starting to think this could be bad as my doctor only briefly looks at it every time and my optometrists day is okay as well a year ago
##########
34F asking for help for 3F daughter . Should I be concerned about gray/blue area?


Reposting with more info per moderator. Concerned about possible loeys dietz. We have several appts coming up but wanted to look here to see if I am overanalyzing or if this is of concern. My daughter is a 3yo Caucasian female. She has what appears to be a gray/blue area at corner of sclera on both eyes. 

Our daughter has huge tonsils and a Bifid/broad uvula. Upon learning about the Bifid/broad uvula, research led me to loeys dietz syndrome which I had never heard of. It is a rare connective tissue disease that causes aneurysms and an enlarged aorta. She has a few symptoms of that syndrome. Blue sclera is a symptom of loeys dietz. 

She has nearsightedness and refractive amblyopia (astigmatism) - both conditions are mild and she won’t require glasses until she is in school.
##########
48M. 1mm lesion on inside lower lid. Clogged gland or something nasty?


No idea how long it’s been there. No lump I can feel, 1mm diameter, no pain or blood. I do get dry eye sometimes. 

Is this a nasty or something else? Appears to be a reasonable uniform light brown in colour, quite circular. No other eye issues. 

Non smoker, modest drinker, no drugs. Caucasian, probably of the fair skin type. Blue eyes. 

Any thoughts most welcome.
##########
30M What is this ring?
30M, caucasian, smoke, drink occasionally. Primary complaint (question) - yellowish ring in my eye. Should I be concerned about it or not. I don't know how long since I've got them. [ I do wear glasses. No known medical issues or conditions, no meds, no drugs. Looking at 2020 photos I can see a pale yellow ring, but that could probably vary depending on light conditions when photo was taken.
##########
25m Possible overcorrection?
So i've been having some vision problems lately, blurry vision sometimes, trouble perceiving whats around me(dont know how to describe exactly, maybe something related to depth perception) headaches, trouble with reading books or text on screens. I'm 25 and currently wear glasses with approximately -7 myopia and -2 astigmatism. I went to he opthalmologist that gave me my current prescription and he says its likely because i've been overcorrected. He says my eye muscles have gotten used to the higher prescription, he said this happens with myopic patients, and gave me a new lower power prescription after a dilated eye exam. When testing my eyes before dilation i did perform better with the "overcorrected" numbers, he said my eyes will get used to the new lower prescription. Is this a thing that could cause my symptoms? High prescription glasses are not cheap so i need some reassurence here, did you ever encounter something like this, how often?
##########
25F clear bump on eye
I suddenly started feeling and noticing this bump on one of my eyes last week and I can feel it when I blink sometimes. It’s also making my eye pretty dry and stingy. Context is as recently as four months ago I started wearing contacts and haven’t been good about wearing them for a limited time per day, and I work an indoor office job and don’t go outside very often. Does this look like a pinguecula or a conjunctival cyst? I’m not finding clear differences online. Thanks in advance! 
##########
37F - Is this normal chalazion progression?
I recently had a stye turn into a chalazion. It is on the lower lash line with the bump slightly below the lash line and protruding externally.

A few days ago, the bump was largely un-bothersome - I have been warm compressing, massaging and cleaning the area 2x a day.

Today, I noticed that when I was warm compressing, some yellow/brown liquid oozed out onto the compress. It looks like the skin slightly broke open. Now it looks like the chalazion/swelling has spread horizontally along the lash line. Not necessarily another separate bump.

Does this indicate that the oils are moving up towards the lash line as needed to drain, or is it actually getting worse?

Thank you!s
##########
18m are my eyesight worsening when I use my eyeglasses?
I don't know why but it feels as though my eyesight has worsened ever since I started wearing eyeglasses, and from what I have looked into so far, I'm not the only one. I am nearsighted, how much I don't remember and what my glasses are graded, I also don't remember.(it's stupid i know, but to be fair it has been a long time) But from the little research I did, doctors are saying that it doesn't worsen the vision, but strangers on the internet are saying it does, and there's a lot of people saying it does, so I don't really know who to believe.
##########
32M Potential CSR
Good afternoon. I went to the optometrist yesterday after experiencing blurry vision, distortion, and colors being more dull in my left eye for the last two weeks. After running a few tests, the doctor asked me if I have been stressed lately, which I have due to a large ongoing project at work. The doctor then informed me that I have fluid behind my retina and referred me to a retina specialist but did not formally diagnose me.

This was my first time even being dilated, so as you can imagine it is concerning. After researching this, it appears to be CSR but it seems like Macular Edema is awfully similar to CSR. I have added an image of my OCT scan below.


- 32 White Male
- I am not a drinker or smoker, though I drink a lot of caffeine
- I have a very high stress job and a Type A personality 

Does this seem more like CSR or Macular Edema?


##########
20M- vision gets worse throughout the day
Right when I wake up my vision is good but as I go through out the day the vision in my left eye gets blurrier and blurrier the longer I stay up. After being up for about 4 hours, When looking at light based things like a led lights, screen text, traffic lights, tvs, etc it is split so l see like 2 or 3 different images coming from that one light. The longer I'm up the more the separation grows. If I stay up long enough light sources basically look like it's been engulfed in a giant blurry ball of light. When I go to sleep again and wake back up it is back to normal but the cycle repeats. This has been going on since October 2021. The doctors told me it's dry eye but l've tried eye drops over and over again and they don't work and it's also hard to believe that what I'm seeing is from dry eye. Idk if this will gel you help me but if I look through a small hole it basically completely fixes the obstruction. Does anyone know what this could be please help.
##########
26F do I actually have astigmatism?
I recently had my first eye exam in 4+ years and was given a new contact lens prescription. Apparently I have a mild astigmatism, which my old dr didn’t catch, and my previous lenses were overcorrecting. New lenses are lower strength but with astigmatism. They’re more comfortable and sharper (during the day) than my old ones, but night driving is miserable now! The blurry “starburst” effect on headlights and streetlights is so much more dramatic than my non-astigmatism lenses, and it’s incredibly disorienting. I find myself blinking constantly. Is it possible I was misdiagnosed with astigmatism? The tech said it would take my eyes some time to adjust to the astigmatism lenses, do I just need to be patient? It’s my second day wearing them and they’re downright intolerable after dark. 

26F white American, nonsmoker, drink socially and use marijuana occasionally. Not sure my new RX as the clinician said she’d email it to me after this contact lens trial. Previously wore Acuvue Oasys biweekly, now trialing Acuvue Vita monthlies with
##########
18F Is it normal be able to see less after a new prescription?
I usually consider myself a pro when it come to changing glasses. I’ve had them since I was 3 or 4 and I updated my prescription every year. Usually my depth perception is a little wonky and has to adjust but I can almost immediately see clearly things more clearly. NEVER have I ever seen less clearly after getting new glasses but today I picked up my frames and that’s exactly what happened. 

I tried to read a clock from a distance I can usually read from and I couldn’t. I tried switching between my new and old glasses a couple of times on different objects to see if I was just imagining it but no, it was definitely worse. The point at which I gave up was when I was trying to get some work done on my computer and I started seeing double of the text on the screen. I tried to endure it but it gave me a headache so I just switched back to the old ones. 

I feel like something went wrong. This is unusual for me. I think I’m going to go double check a couple of things with my doctor and the store that made my lenses. Do you think my worry is reasonable or am I overreacting?
##########
20/20 vision but increased need for brightness
37/F. Over the past year or so I've noticed that I need more brightness to be able to see properly. I have 20/20 vision and just a slight stigmatism in one eye that sometimes makes them tired, so I'm. not sure what this could be. for example, even on the highest brightness setting I often find my TV too dark. I always need the highest brightness setting on my laptop and iPhone. I even increased the wattage on my lightbulbs at home because it seemed too dim otherwise.

  
Any idea what this could be?
##########
26F Eye Pain
I had a hole in my eye (not sure if it was on the retina) that I had repaired with laser exactly a year ago. I didn't know about this before the doctor told me, i never saw blurry, I wasn't in pain.I don't know what the laser treatment was called. Searching on google I think its photocoagulation ?

Anyways, through the last year I would get some pain in the eye that I lasered very rarely. Nothing extreme but sore when you touch it. Kind of the same pain I felt after the laser treatment for 2-3 days after.  But the last 2 days, it has been really sore when I touch my eye. I don't know if it because I left my contacts on too long and it irritated my eye but I am getting worried.  If I don't touch it, I barely notice but I feel like it shouldn't hurt after this long?

Has anyone who had the same surgery, experience this?

I will book an eye appointment but just looking for some answers here.
##########
32M - CRVO after uveitis…
Hi,

In early July I started noticing some grey patches in my left eye vision and difficulty seeing in low light conditions.

I had just finished a six month course of corticoids eye drops in that same eye for a case of recurrent uveitis. Do you know if there’s a link between the two conditions?

Also, at presentation my vision remained very sharp with no loss of visual acuity so they suggested a wait and watch approach. This made me believe I had a case of non ischaemic crvo.

However, over the past week I noticed significant blurring in my vision and I consulted again to the emergency eye department. The report says now that haemorrhages are a bit more extended than at the initial presentation and my visual acuity was down to 0.8 or 0.7 and my night vision is significantly worse.  I also seemed to be developing macular edema and they scheduled me for Lucentis injection in five days.

- does this mean I’m converting to an ischaemic form of the crvo? Will I just keep worsening? 
- is there something I can do to improve my chances of recovery?
- why wasn’t I started with the eye injections right away?

I guess I just need to hear something hopeful at this point.

Thank you all
##########
41F - wrong prescription?
Yesterday I went for an eye exam after 2 years, prior to seeing the doctor I sat at this machine where there was a little house that clear then blurry and then the air machine, when going in the exam room the doctor only had me read ONE LINE in each eye and asked if it got better or worse when she changed lenses and that was the whole test, she then proceeded to tell me my prescription is -0.25 in each eye and no value on Cyl. I didn’t have my current glasses with me to check my previous prescription and I didn’t remember what it was, upon getting home I checked and it was -0.75 Sph and -0.25 Cyl, and it got me thinking, did the doctor do the test right? Can the Sph go down -0.50 and the Cyl disappear like that? I ordered these expensive glasses and I’m scared it will do nothing for me.
##########
70M - Terminology question for vertical axis difference between eyes?
When I alternately blink left/right eyes, there is about a 10 degree difference between the vertial / horizontal axes of what I see.  I assume that means the two eyeballs have a slightly different "vertical" rotation.  I need a specific term for the condition to get better search results.

[edit] It seems the difference is "torsional" and the condition is "cyclodeviation" or "Cyclotropia".  I'm strongly near-sighted (20/200 and 20/400) so I have been reading books on my phone without glasses, with one eye closed, while holding the phone very close.  After I do that for a while, I notice this Cyclotropia.  The condition is less noticable with glasses and both eyes open, so I'm going back to my larger reader.  Thanks to those who have commented.
##########
30m - weird eye symptoms
Hello! Been having strange symptoms over the past 7 months with
-floaters
-negative+positive afterimages in vision
-static flickering vision
-pulsating vision
-random color blotches
Also im sensitive to light and I have burning sensatiion in the eyes. All this came from nowhere and the docs say that my eyes are "healthy"


Can anyone spot something odd in these eye pictures.
Link to eye pictures.  v

##########
2YO/Male optical crystals?
Howdy 

I have a few questions for you all!

My toddler was diagnosed with a lazy eye (amblyopia). During the eye exam the optometrist used these crystal like “rocks” to look into his eyes. They looked like cartoon diamonds that could fit into the palm of her hand. Maybe like gold ball sized? They weren’t flat. 

What are those crystals called? And what is this exact portion of the exam called?

I was trying to explain this process to another Redditor. I wanted to send them a video, but I can’t figure out the right keywords for YT.

Thanks in advance!
##########
7M painful and red eyes
My son is 7 years old and has some problems with his eyes. De doctors can't find anything special. 
They think of an allergy and also dry eyes. 

For the past 6 months he has very red eyes. Before this he had it also, but not on a daily or weekly base. He wears glasses for two years now. Now it starts with a little bit red in the morning and becoming worse during the day. He can't watch 20 minutes television without pain in his eyes and even worse red eyes. It's even worse when he plays a game. 
But, since the problem is getting worse he watches almost no TV during the week. 
 2 or 3 times a day he gets an eyegel (vidisic) and also anti allery eye drops. 

Is anyone familiar with these problems and how do you deal with this?

It really frustrates me that we are not able to help but above that, it frustrates him and it starts to affect his social life.

[I uploaded a picture of his eyes in the evening](
##########
30M New Glasses Adjustment
Hello all! Just trying to get some advice to ease the mind a bit! I got new glasses with a new prescription which to me seems like a big jump. I will list the jump below 

Old pair 
Left eye: 1.75
Right eye: 2.00

New pair
Left eye: 2.50
Right eye: 2.75

I am currently on the morning of day 3 and think maybe they might be getting better but I still feel off balanced and like I cant physically concentrate not like visually.. if I look at something I can absolutely focus in on it but I can’t like focus focus at work and such almost like my brain feels off. My depth perception is still off and I only feel good visually when I’m sitting or laying down. If I stand up and walk around it gets really disoriented and just feels so off. It does feel like it’s better than day 1 though. Am I just being impatient and need to let it run it’s course or should I get back in and have my glasses checked out? It’s driving me crazy lol I want to just adjust so I can drive and do activities again. Just looking to hear from more experienced glasses people if this is normal or not!
##########
35M Dacryoadenitis inflammation of the lacrimal glands
I was diagnosed with inflammation of the lacrimal glands by my dry eye specialist and it's tender when i push at the top of the eye.
She doesn't treat it tho. But gave me an order for an MRI of the lacrimal glands.

I know it can be due to autoimmune disease, bacterial infection or viral infection.

I haven't been tested for any autoimmune disease tho.

What else could cause lacrimal glands to be inflamed and be  tender ?

I tried to schedule the MRI but the radiology companies don't even know what it is to schedule the MRI of the lacrimal glands.

They have something called Orbital MRI but Orbital MRi focus on the structures within the eye socket or orbit.

Does an orbital MRI also get imaging of the lacrimal glands, and tear ducts as well?
Does it check if lacrimal glands are shrunken? 
Does the Orbital MRI check for lacrimal gland size and to figure out why lacrimal glands are inflamed?

I don't even know how to navigate this inflammation of the lacrimal glands.

What are the inflammation markers should I check?
Are there any specific inflammation tests I should get?

Also,
I did a blood work for autoimmune back few months ago done by my general physician and those antibodies came back negative 
Sjogren, lupus etc came back negative for the antibiotics on the blood work. But I was on Doxycycline 100mg a day back then during the time the blood tests were performed. Does taking Doxycycline affect the blood test results?
As the first point I need to go and get an autoimmune checkup.
Then do the MRI.

What type of doctors treat inflammation of the lacrimal glands? Is there a specialty category I should look for? 

Also, how can I keep my lacrimal gland inflammation down?
I do have a prescription for Vevye(cyclosporine) which I haven't been using for past 2 months.

I know cyclosporine lowers inflammation so should I start it back up?

What type of steroids should I get?

Steroids are the go to, but are there any other medications that can lower the lacrimal gland inflammation?

Are there any other treatments to lower the inflammation of the lacrimal glands?

What's my first step?
##########
26F RD left eye 9 months ago - new bright arch
As the title mentions, I had a RD in my left eye in early Dec last year which was treated with scleral buckle and cryotherapy surgery. The buckle was inserted in the top left corner of my left eye and I see a shadow in the night vision at the right bottom corner of my eye. I am experiencing a new symptom where when I look ahead and move my head to the left, I see a brighter arch-like image in the right bottom corner of my eye. I do not see it constantly, only when I move my head left while looking straight in brighter lit conditions. Also want to mention that the RD related residual flashes in my eye (bottom right corner) have become really small now so their size or frequency has only decreased with time irrespective of this new symptom.


I have a doctors appointment  next week but in the meantime I thought I’d come here for advice about what could be causing it and prevent the symptom from getting worse or ease my anxiety a bit. Thank you so much!
##########
24M- chemical water exposure while at work in both eyes
I was at work and the dishwasher sprayed water into my eyes the water is mixed with 

Diversey suma diver pak 
For sanitation 
I rinsed one eye out cause the other didn’t hurt 

Then went to urgent care they just told me my eyes are fine cause they aren’t red 

How ever when I got home I washed them more with water and a Walgreens eye flush and went to sleep

I woke up to both of my eyes hurting really bad and burning and also red 
:/ not sure what is wrong
##########
17M Blind spot in left eye that has stayed in the same spot for over 6 months.
Not sure where to go or if this is the right place to ask but I’ve had enough and it’s beginning to drive me crazy. Long story short, I got covid at the beginning of the year and I got through it okay, but after symptoms resolved I noticed a blindspot in my left vision. Shrugged my shoulders under the assumption it was something temporary, but no, it has not grown, or changed shape or moved in over 6 months. I only see it when I have to focus on it or if I’m looking at a white or black background.

I don’t have the money for an ophthalmologist right now but I had an eye exam done in June, they took a photo of both my retinas and also did an Optical Coherence Tomography. They found nothing except and slightly thinning retina and I was diagnosed with mild astigmatism. Other than that, they said my eyes look perfectly healthy. 

I’m at a loss and I’ve begun to develop a bit of hypochondria over the past few months about it. I’m starting to worry it might be something more sinister like a tumor or something but I don’t know. 

It’s hard to describe the blindspot, but it’s like a transparent blur which allows me to see the color of whatever I’m looking at but no detail. For example, if I looked at someones face and tilted my head the right way, the spot would blur their nose out  completely but leave everything else in my vision clear. This spot also flickers and kind of becomes fluidy when my eye is irritated and dry. It is much more pronounced and obvious when I close my right eye. 

I doubt anyone will read this but I’m honestly lost at what to do. Thanks.
##########
30M - double cataracts at 27, after surgery I feel nauseous looking at computers and it is getting worse, can anyone shed light on why and how to fix?
TLDR - got cataracts in both eyes at 27 via a concussion to my head. Surgery at 30 to fix them. My job is on the computer 8 hours a day, and I used to play a lot of video games. Now I feel nauseous and have eye strain by the end of the work day, and have stopped using my computer at all.

I have a appointment with my surgeon next week to discuss this, and have already been to an optometrist who has prescribed me progressive glasses with anti reflective coating and reactions. The optometrist also mentioned some scarring in one of my eyes, that 'will eventually need to be fixed'
##########
30 F - Need help with understanding my prescriptions
I got two prescriptions for glasses recently (doctor said I could choose to get glasses just for reading/computer work or bifocal glasses to wear all the time).

For context, the doctor said my eyes have a hard time focusing properly despite me having 20/20 vision. My eyes have a harder time focusing on things closer to me, but they also seem to have some issues with focusing on distant things as well.

I noticed the "sphere" part of the prescription is different between the two and I'm a bit confused about that. Here are my prescriptions:

**Single vision**  
Sphere: +0.75

**Bifocal**  
Sphere: +0.50 Add: +0.50
##########
23M Maximum Correctable Astigmatism
Hey guys, So my prescription says -3.75 spherical power for both eyes and -3.00 cylindrical (astigmatism) power for both eyes as well. I just wanted to know upto what limit a person can correct his vision to 6/6 using spectacles. I just need a rough number beyond which 6/6 becomes difficult to achieve even with spectacles or contact lenses.
##########
23F Rental Tear and Treatment - 6 Tears!
Back In January I noticed a Flash in the peripheral of my vision. It was persistent and bright. I found a local Opthamolagist and within a week I was sitting down for my first argon laser retinopexy to the retinal tear in my left eye. Had a follow up and all looked good.

Fast forward to Match I had a ton of floaters enter my vision. Tiny little dots everywhere, it hurst to look up into the sky because there is so much movement. Another hole was identified but this time in my right eye. That week I underwent my second argon laser retinopexy to the retinal tear in my right eye. Follow up a week later and other holes were Identified. He wanted to monitor for a week. Came back a week later and was sent directly to the surgery center for the same laser treatment to my right eye for two additional holes. Follow up a week later and all was good. 

  
Fast forward to August and I am walking into a work out and my vision flashes violently. I saw my doctor the next day and he identified two additional holes in my right eye. I sat for my last surgery the next day. Followed up a week later and all look fine. 

At the current time of posting I am at a total of 4 argon laser retinopexy sessions and 6 retinal holes which oddly enough mirrored each other. I am by far the youngest patient my doc has seen this in. Has anyone else gone through this and had a different treatment plan? Should I see a second opinion? I know the vitreous gel is unpredictable but will I see more? and if so, how many is to many to seal and when will other coarse of action happen. Happy to answer any questions about my experience.
##########
14M: Left Eye Discomfort for 2-3 years
Im 14 years old male and i feel that something is stuck in the left-top of my eye. It cause me a discomfort and feeling like something is stabbed in it, i cant see if something is there because its in top in left. I wanted to go to the doctor in past years but i was scared, now i want to get rid of it, im starting to hate this feeling. What i have to do? Oh and im scared that because i ignored it for that long time it can go deeper in my eye. Tomorrow probably i will tell my mom about it and he will take me to a doctor, but i think im too scared to do it. The only way to reduce discomfort is sleeping and a bit of morning, after 1 hour discomfort gets back

There is link to a photo, yeah i know that its not good quality but my camera quality is bad. [
##########
34M - Screens &amp; Weird Vision
Prescription (Updated 2 weeks ago):
Right -3.75 / Cyl -2.75 / Axis 115
Left -4.00 / Cyl -1.50. / Axis 025
Lenses: Polycarbonate
Medications: Lexapro
Race: Caucasian
Conditions: Anxiety, Dry Eye
Occupation: Graphic Design

Hi. I’ll start off by saying I have read the stickied post, but wanted to dig a little deeper to see if something else might be going on or if anyone’s seen something like this exactly. 

A month ago, I started getting really bad dizziness/vertigo. Not room spinning vertigo, but a sensation of heavy headedness and tightness, and just general fogginess. It was almost all the time, but was particularly bad while at work. It wasn’t too bad while driving, weirdly.

I know my vision has been off for a while. I first noticed it last year. I’ve always worn glasses, but hadn’t had my script updated since 2020. I first noticed that screens were not super clear. No matter the distance, phone or computer, text (in particular) just always slightly doubled and haloed. High contrast stuff is particularly bad. Black on white is a little better, but dark mode is exceptionally bad. 

I saw a doctor. She thought I just needed to do the Epley Maneuver at home for the dizziness and get new glasses. Epley Maneuver didn’t do much. I went to my eye doctor immediately and got my prescription updated. It hadn’t changed much, but definitely was different. The thing is, at no point during my eye exam did I feel like I was seeing 100%. So I waited. Go my new glasses (including a computer specific pair). Wore them for about week and just felt like it was still off. I went back, and when he took a second look, he told me I had dry eyes and said I needed to use drops. All my other results were fine, back of the eye super healthy. He gave me the Systane drops and said to use them 4-5 times a day. So I’ve been doing that for a while now with little to no improvement. 

I will say, my eyes are better with the prescription. But screens and text that is more than a few feet away is still not right. I’ve never felt like I have dry eyes, but his exact words were “bone dry”. I suppose I have eye strain, too. I’m aware of it now that I know I have dry eyes.

Question is: Should I ask to be referred to ophthalmology for a closer look? Did I get the wrong lens type for my glasses? Can dry eye really be causing me dizziness and horrible screen vision? And I’ll reiterate, this all started before I started my medication. 

Thanks to anyone that responds. My eye doc was “stumped” (his words, not mine). He said dry eye was the most likely culprit. I started warm compresses last night and will continue that along with the drops.
##########
25M Shrinking Vitreous Leads to Retinal Formation Leads to Floaters?
Had a very persistent floater in my right eye for a few months and decided to get it check out. The doctors said I have a retinal formation caused by the shrinking of the vitreous and that is what has caused this persistent floater in my eye. They said there is nothing I can do to get rid of the floater and that my brain will just ignore it eventually. It has been maybe another 4 months since then and it is still very prevalent and annoying. I am not really sure that it is a floater in the common sense of the word (of course I'm no ophthalmologist). Its not like a free floating blob that blurs my vision. Its hard to describe but it is more like a film or sheet that comes in and blurs part of the vision in my right eye. I can get it out of my vision pretty easily by just quickly looking right then straight. But if I quickly look left and then straight it comes back into my vision. It is especially annoying when I am driving on a cloudy day or other medium light settings. Is what I am experiencing typical or is this something that I should get a second opinion on.
##########
15M floaters in eye. Potentially PVD or retinal detachment?
A bit of a backstory. I was at work cleaning a house when I changed some bed sheets and suddenly a sheet fastener flung towards my right eye as I was pulling out the sheets. My eyes were bloodshot and around it was kind of painful though it subsided after around 5-10 minutes. My mother advised me to put some eye drops and just rest it through (i reluctantly did). The next morning after I woke up, noticed there were floaters at the corner of my vision and the area around my eye hurts like a headache and my rifht eye hurts when I move it.

Fast forward 2 days after the incident. My eye doesn't hurt no more but I still have the floaters and nothing else such as gradual loss of sight or similar symptoms to a retinal tear. Im looking forward to go to an eye doctor very soon but im asking for some advice/opinions about what's going on my case from all of you. Thank you!
##########
37 Male: Eye and surrounding area pain (mostly one side) at night and in darkness
So for the past 6 months, I've consistently had eye pain on the left side (mostly but some radiating to right) around the rim of the eye and a little behind/inside the eye. It happens every night at about 8, mostly brought on by darkness. When I turn off lights and close my eyes to sleep, it aches, sometimes until I fall asleep, sometimes only for an hour.

I had retinal imaging -- no pressure, no glaucoma, two eye doctors said "they look very healthy!" No vision change or loss.

Tried new distance prescription and tried new close up glasses I use 95% of the time for computer work. No change.

I tried eye drops, (although not ABSOLUTELY religiously) no help. I tried not playing VR for three weeks. No help.

I have no idea what it is except aging, but what I'm asking is if anyone has any minor treatment ideas I can try consistently every day until my next eye appointment in one month.

More eye drops? Anything over the counter? Any ideas are welcome. Thanks!
##########
27F - Noticed this spot on my eye
Hello! 

I noticed this spot on my eyeball the other day (only on one). It may have been there before and I just hadn't realized.

[Photo of eye](

Could it be a freckle or pinguecula? Worth mentioning that I'm mixed with South Asian. It also appears to be flat.

I don't have any symptoms of any kind + my vision is good. 

I have booked an eye exam.
##########
32 M TOLOSA HUNT
Hello,

I have been dealing with Tolosa Hunt for almost a year now.

I was placed on 60mg of pregnisone last August and since then the pregnisone is just destroying my body, but helping the inflammation. By destroying my body I mean I have been put on high bp meds pre diabetes meds and the side effects have been nothing short of terrible.. brain fog mood swings lethargic 40lb weight gain..

I have tapered down to 20mg 2 times around and my double vision has came back, forcing me to wear an eye patch. Doctor here at UCLA brings my dose back up to 40mg to give my vision back. (This takes at least a month)

I'm currently on 25mg of pregnisone on my 3rd taper this time going very slowly. (5mg per month) 

For the past 3 months I was places on NEW medication called Azathioprine to replace the pregnisone. 

Seems like we are throwing darts and nothing is working.... anybody know anything I'm just so tired and so discouraged as this sickness has completely turned my life upside down this past year..
##########
20F retinal hole
four months ago i was getting an exam done for new prescription glasses and was told i have a hole in my retina in one of my eyes. they said i would need to come back in 6 months for them to check up on it. since then, i've been terrified. i need to get new glasses again as the previous place gave me too weak of a prescription and i will be going to a new place. what if they tell me i need immediate laser stuff done? i've read a lot of people's experiences online and how painful it was, meanwhile they were told it was quick and painless. is pain from this rare.. like if the hole is near a nerve or something? i have a really low pain tolerance and i'm really petrified, but i know i could potentially lose vision in my eye one day if i do not deal with this. so i will no matter what. any advice?
##########
25F- black spot in vision, potential retinal tear, lump on eyelid
I have had no problems with my eyes at all until recently. I noticed black spots in my vision (with one dominant one), 3/4 months ago when I was pregnant. I was hoping it was pregnancy related but it didn’t go away after I gave birth. 

The opticians examined my eye (with the drops that dilate the pupil), and said I had a tear which is why I was having the black spots in my vision. She said this would have happened when I was in labour/giving birth due to the pressure on the eye (I did explain to her that these were all present BEFORE I was in labour/gave birth, but she brushed that off). I was sent to eye casualty because the tear may have needed laser treatment. (More info on tear: apparently small and looked like it had healed/might have healed itself). 

At eye casualty they used the same drops and said that I don’t have a tear when they examined me. So I was left with my explanation as to what was happening to my eyes. Over the last month I have also noticed a small colourless lump, maybe a few millimetres, forming in my lash line on my upper eyelid on the same eye. 

Any advice/ideas on what could be going on would be very appreciated! Thank you!
##########
24 F, was just recommended lens replacement surgery
Ive always had bad eyes, the doctor told my mom when i was 8 to start saving for LASIK, been told my whole life the older i get the more it will stabilize. i’m now a -13/13.5. I had to start contacts very young in hopes to help slow down the changes, and eventually could only wear 1 day contacts. 7 years ago my left eye began getting blisters/ulcers and i only recently found that out. (my eye would just turn red and like explode every few months, just thought it was my cross to bear). the specialist informed me that my eyes are what is known as “contact intolerant” and continuing to wear them more than a few hours a day will make things worse, but i cannot wear my glasses regularly (or even just casually put them on before bed) because the prescription is so high, it’s easier for me to just “be blind” than wear them bc it’s like a fish bowl in there. it took 2 weeks in them before i saw 20/20 for the first time last month. so i can’t continue wearing contacts, and i can’t continue wearing glasses. 

i have not had access to good eye treatment, im from a small town in mississippi, and it wasn’t until 2022, i was told “you need to get a new doctor, whoever you’re seeing is screwing you” in ohio, that i knew i wasn’t crazy. i dont even know what clear vision is, i feel like i haven’t communicated what is clear and what isn’t, and seeing 20/20 was honestly terrifying, i felt like it was wrong. every time since ohio, i see an eye doctor, and they tell me my prescription is too strong, and will give me -10s to try, and i literally can’t see anything. my age puts me at risk for retinal detachment, as well as my prescription being over -8. i want a second opinion but not sure where to look, and i am worried about this surgery because i am not being told straight forward what any long term affect of this could be, seeing as 65+ yr olds have a max like 40 years before they croak, i have a bit longer. 

TLDR; -13/-13.5 in contacts, -14 in glasses. eyesight is getting worse the older i get despite being told otherwise, eyes are contact intolerant and can’t wear my glasses. i want a second opinion and i will be looking for another doctor. doc says ill lose my nearsightedness, will probably need bifocals, but he “would be happy to even get me to a -1” but my age and prescription make me higher risk and i do not want my RETINA TO DETACH or do something so permanent so young. anyways i feel like im going insane! 

i can answer any and all questions, just want some inputs. or sympathy. or not sympathy. i don’t know!
##########
27M - iERM Diagnosis
Title pretty much sums it up. I had a persistent cobweb distortion appear in my left eye, only visible when I’m squinting or blinking. I immediately had my eyes imaged, undilated, and they didn’t see anything concerning but recommended I see a specialist and have the imagining repeated with dilation to get a fuller view. A month later I was able to get in to see an ophthalmologist, and they did a pretty thorough exam. Apparently I have stage 2 iERM in my left eye and everything is normal in my right eye. In the left eye there was no sign of inflammation, tears, or PVD. I have no family history of retinal detachment and my grandparents had remarkably healthy eyes—no glaucoma, cataracts, and my grandfather didn’t present with PVD until his 80s. My intraocular pressure has always been on the higher end of normal, but the ophthalmologist didn’t seem concerned by it. I wear glasses but my prescription is not strong, I’ve never worn contacts, my eyesight is stable and with my glasses 20/20 even with this distortion. They sent me home with a picture of a grid and told me to let them know if I experienced any significant changes in the distortions—or if I developed distortions I could see without squinting. 

I guess my main question is, are there any known causes of ERM in someone my age that are infectious? I have a pretty active sex life and I initially thought it might be an early syphilis warning sign, but the ophthalmologist didn’t think that was very likely given my negative serum antibody tests from 6 months ago (yes I know I’m behind on testing, I just switched insurance and I haven’t gotten back on track). I also spend a good amount of time outdoors in tick infested areas, but I’m quite good about tick checks and besides getting Lyme disease 3 years ago and promptly treating days after the rash appeared I haven’t had any incidents of tick borne disease. 

My next-most-burning question is what should I do?  Is there a reason to be worried given the early age of onset and my higher than average intraocular pressure? 

I know y’all are probably incredibly busy, but I’d appreciate any knowledge based on first-hand experience of this occurring in people around my age. I’m a graduate student getting my PhD in immunology, so any time I encounter an immune-mediated disease that describes as idiopathic it sets of alarm bells in my brain. Rarely if ever is something truly idiopathic in my experience, it’s just not well understood.
##########
29F IIH
Hi, I’m a 29 year old female that was diagnosed with with IIH in 2021. My case is pretty strange due to the fact that there’s no known cause for my iih and when I started having symptoms I was extremely active and fit. In 2021 I had grade 3 paps in my right eye and grade 4 paps in my left. My opening spinal pressure was at 50 cm. Fast forward after being on diamox for a year my paps quickly turned into a grade 1. I’ve been feeling wonderful for the last year and I feel wonderful now however 2 days ago I noticed that I’m randomly seeing these white flashes from the corner of my left eye. It’s not an all day thing but it happens randomly and  it happens when I blink. I’m waiting for my new insurance to see a neuro ophthalmologist.. I’m aware that this Reddit isn’t used for medical advice but I’m curious to see what you all think it is.
##########
29M Blepharitis
I got diagnosed with blepharitis in both eyes though it is worse in my left eye and iirc it has led to marginal keratitis.

Anyway, I asked the doc if it was important to know the cause of it and her answer didn't make much sense to me. I'm under the impression she tried to avoid the question.

So is it important to find out the root cause of it or not?

Edit : I am talking about the cause of the blepharitis, not the keratitis because as far as I understand, the keratitis is because of the blepharitis
##########
30 yo, Male, type 1 diabetic, 7.3 A1c.
Hey, over the last month I have noticed some changes in my vision. It began with two small circular shapes in the center of my vision, both spinning, almost aura/vortex-like.

These would come and go. Now, I am only experiencing one of these circles, and again, it comes and goes.

Any idea what this might be?

I'm experiencing no headaches or pain...
##########
32M Small spot on Sclera found


Not sure if it's always been there or if it's recent. No discomfort and no issues to my vision.  I just can't tell if it's concentrating of blood vessels or if it's something else that might be of concern. 

Would appreciate some opinions.
##########
31F Myopic Macular Degeneration, Retinal Bleeds, and Pregnancy
Third time's the charm. I promise I can read, but baby brain makes remembering what I read the difficult part lol.
--

Hello people of r/eyetriage!

I'm 31F and have been diagnosed with myopic macular degeneration for about 4-5 years (vision is -19.5 and -20.25, with differing astigmatisms, if that's at all helpful here), and have been nearsighted in some degree since early childhood. I have no history of detachment, and don't typically experience bleeds; I have only had one since my diagnosis that was caused by extreme muscle strain, until recently.

I am currently expecting my first child, am mostly through my 2nd trimester, and have had three small retinal bleeds throughout this pregnancy caused by mild straining or potentially no strain at all: one bleed I cannot recall anything in the prior days that could've been even mildly strenuous as to cause a bleed. Two have resolved in a regular amount of time, and the third one, that I have currently, has already begun to resolve and started improving in under 24 hours. (And yes, I will be seeing my optho for this one once I'm no longer in quarantine and test negative from an exposure to covid, per my hospital network's policies).

My ophthalmologist is hesitant to make any sort of suggestions on if these incidents should affect my options in terms of birth plan, as I am her first patient in this situation. She has referred me out to a colleague with who she *hopes* will have more relevant experience with which to weigh in. 
I am, however, not very optimistic about one specific physician mirculously happening to have the experience necessary to give me new information. Also, the earliest appointment they could schedule for me is uncomfortably close to my due date, which is a long way off to learn potentially nothing at all, and also gives me no knowledge to utilize should the baby decide to fight for uterine independence earlier than that.

While I am researching online as best I can, all I can find are recommendations that mention myopia, and not mmd or retinal hemorrhage instances.

Separating this from the paragraph it was attached to, highlighting, and editing the verbiage so its clearer for people reading: **I am trying to figure out what options are available and safe for me to explore in terms of giving birth as someone with my condition, especially with the specific retinal bleed issues that I have been having. I'm posting here looking for anecdotes or firsthand experiences about being pregnant with my condition, either from someone who has dealt with it themselves firsthand or has been a part of a person's process as a professional working with them. I am hoping that hearing experiences from physicians, professionals, or other people with my condition who have experienced pregnancy and birth and any potential outcomes related to that would be helpful in my own decision making or expectations of what is to come for me and my eye health**

Truly anything at all would be so helpful! Thank you in advance for any contributions :)

Per the recommendation from the automod, I will mention here that I am white, not drinking or smoking or using any substances, and the medications i take are prenatal vitamin, wellbutrin, and a magnesium supplement.
##########
25F - potential Horners update
Previous post: 

Thank you to u/EyeDentistAAO, u/remembermereddit, and u/PrincePew for your insight on my original post.

I was able to get an appointment with an optometrist and I’m on a waitlist for ophthalmology. 

The optometrist did not seem particularly concerned about my pupils and noted that it could be related to my TSH levels (I have Graves’ disease with an ablation in 2015 and now take synthetic hormones; my levels have been fluctuating a bit in the past year). 

Here are the notes from my visit:

-Baseline fundus photo taken today.
No optic nerve edema OU
- (-) RAPD
-Pupils: Right eye - dark: 9mm and Light 6mm
Left eye - dark: 8 mm and light 6mm
-Vertical lid apperture size:
Right 11mm
Left 10 mm

Discussed that lid retraction of the right eye and difference in pupil size could be related to
fluctuating TSH levels. Next blood work will be obtained in 1 month per patient. Optic nerve and retina appearance is normal. No diplopia and EOMs are full.
##########
25f, White, 4.75 LEFT eye and 2.75 right? Effects on Anesthesia?
Effects after general anesthesia? 


25f, white, no medical issues other then ocd which I take lexapro daily.

So after general anesthesia for my wisdom teeth I’ve been noticing some twitching in my left eye and I went to the eye doctor and he said my left eye prescription has changed from 3.5 to 4.75 or something and it’s really weird. Should I be concerned? He said my corneas looked fine and everything is fine but I literally cannot put in my contact it’s like it gets dry on my eye immediately and I’ve noticed my eyes don’t blink at the same time but that could be an overreaction. His solution is to get me specialized contacts but I’m worried that it’s my brain or nerve that got messed up. The stupid anesthesia person didn’t tell me not to wear contacts under general anesthesia..
##########
38M potential causes of binocular double vision with head tilt
Update:

I now have a more accurate idea of how my double vision can be triggered 

Primary gaze: usually fine and except for certain objects 

Right gaze: fine, seems canceling double vision.

Left gaze: trigger vertical double vision

Left head tilt (towards left shoulder) then look forward: cancels double vision

Right head tilt: trigger vertical/tortional double vision.

Upward gaze: some double vision towards the extreme

Downward gaze: mostly fine.

Let me know if any of you have ideas on what I should bring to my neurologist!




Hi all,

  
For the past couple of years I have had some difficulties reading on screen, and some intermittent double vision (which I recently finally figured out). 

  
My near vision since a couple years ago is getting more and more difficulty, resembles some convergency/accommodation issue which according to my year and some previous posts, very likely. 

But on top of these there are something else, which I think is sort of an intermittent binocular double vision which can be seen under certain circumstances. To be specific, when I look at far I don't usually notice anything double, except for isolated, high contrast objects such as a sign, a traffic light, and or for example an moon in the sky. This can happen in day time and night time, but is more obvious/noticeable when I am tired.

  
If I stare at these objects for a bit (10 seconds ish) I begin to see the double of the object, which is to the up and right, and the ghost image is slightly rotated ccw. If I try to remember, I believe have seen this double image in the past, just don't remember for how long (definitely for years). The recent discovery is that the interesting part is that I can control the relative position of the ghost image: if I tilt my head up (gaze down), and rotate ccw, then the ghost will begin to merge back and eventually disappears. If I do the opposite, head down (gaze up) and rotate my head cw, the images will separate further.  I did some search and there are suggestions on superior oblique palsy.  Another interesting observation is that if I remove glasses I don't see double even if I stare at the moon (more discussed later) 

Knowing this I have decided to see a ophthalmologist, and probably my neurologist as well? I don't know if this is something that is developed in the past couple of years or since I was young, but here is some medical history of me:

  
I have a "slightly droopy" right eye [ probably for quite long time, as I can remember when I was young (don't exactly remember how old), my mom would comment on my "right eye looking tired"; And I can also find my old photos from 10+ years ago with similar eyelids. Worried that this is something related to myasthenia gravis, I tried to ice my eyelid, or gaze up for a couple of minutes. So far my eyelids would stay the same before/after the ice pack or the gaze up test. I also tried to take pictures of my eye in the morning, in the evening when I am tired, or when after the ice, the images of my eye/eye lid seem to be quite identical if I lay over them on top of each other. 

  
For as long as I can remember, the slightly droopy right eyelid seems to start around the same time or earlier as my right eye's vision became bad. When I was around 6-7 year old, my parents would notice me tilting my head to right when writing, as my right vision has deteriorated. However, I did not start to use glasses until maybe two-three years later, and at the time I already have developed a big discrepancy between my left/right eye's vision, probably -0.25 (Left) and -3.0 (right). So for quite some time I am probably only looking afar with my left eye, and reading with my right eye.  Till today, I notice that if I don't wear glasses, my vision seems to be dominated by my left eye, but as soon as I put on my prescription glasses the view would switch to my right eye, quite miraculous..... Back to the double vision afore mentioned, I notice that if I remove glasses I don't see double, and I am not sure if this is related to my vision development in my childhood. 

  
Another maybe relevant (or irrelevant) incident is that I had a car accident 10+ years ago and had a small concussion. But I don't remember if I have started to have any reading difficulties back then.
##########
60M - Did meds or CHF change my vision? My glasses have gone to shit, and it's really difficult to read. I have an OD appointment next week, but I'm also on a ton of diuretics to treat CHF -- And I have a TAVR in a month to fix that.
So my current rx is a year old and the glasses from that which had been fine have suddenly become almost useless. Reading is almost impossible. It takes most of the day before my eyes can get adjusted to seeing what's on a computer screen or phone.

I have an appointment with an optometrist next week to get a new prescription.

But at the same time, by congenital heart defect has raised its ugly head and I am scheduled for a TAVR in a month. In the meantime, I am on a huge dose of diuretics.

I'm trying to figure out whether I get a new Rx now, or wait six weeks or more until the TAVR is over and I can get to an OD.

Can my condition (CHF) or meds (heavy dose of diuretics) be the cause of my vision problems now?

If so, would the new Rx next week before the TAVR be inaccurate?
##########
21M — questions about prism
Hi,

I was prescribed prism for my horizontal diplopia. My doctor didn’t give me the exact reasoning but mentioned that one of my eye muscles must be weak. I don’t see double vision all the time — it mostly happens at night or when my eyes are tired

I’ve read that if I wear prism, my eyes might get too dependent on it and require me to increase the prism strength in the future. If I wear prism, do I need to wear it full time? I am thinking about wearing them only when I experience symptoms and wearing my non-prism glasses when I don’t experience symptoms. Also, I know that contact lenses don’t support prism but I am thinking about getting them.
What are your suggestions on that idea? 

Additionally, are there any negative effects of wearing prism? 

My prescription is

OD:
Sphere: -1.5 Prism: 3.0 BO

OS:
Sphere: -3.0 Prism: 3.0 BO

Thank you in advance!
##########
18M flashes in eye after laser work
So about last month and 2 weeks ago i had some laser work done on my eyes (first my right eye then my left) to treat lattice degeneration (my doctor described it as lattice with holes) and the past few days or so I've begun to see balls of lights go across the lower section of my vision in my right eye which I think are flashes and I think there are more floaters but I'm less sure about that.   
My doctor didnt notice anything last time i went to laser my left eye so I'm gonna call them tomorrow but I wanted to see what others had to say on what's going on exactly
##########
40M; monocular diplopia
Problem with one eye.

For the past year, my vision in my left eye has worsened significantly.

I have always been myopic (around 5 diopters) and it had even slightly reduced in recent years (I am around 40). But suddenly, I started seeing poorly up close only in that eye.

I went to the doctor who ordered an OCT (everything is normal there). I would need to reduce the diopter in glasses and lenses to see up close, but then I wouldn't be able to see far.

In conclusion, not only did I not reduce to see up close, but I had to significantly increase the diopters, since 3 months later, my vision worsened again (this time I started seeing worse at a distance), and I had to increase to 6; at that point, I already had monocular diplopia.

The doctor doesn't see anything wrong with my eye, although it seems slightly opaque, so he thinks I might have a nuclear cataract in my left eye (the right eye still has the same myopia as always). I also have astigmatism in my left eye, but it has been unchanged for 25 years.

In the last month, my vision worsened again, and I had to get new contact lenses with -6.5 diopters. I see slightly better but still have slight diplopia (needless to say, I can't see up close with that eye).

The doctor thinks my myopia is "false" and caused by the cataract. He says I should have surgery to remove the cataract but is unsure about the lens to place in the eye (whether progressive or not) and also what to do with the right eye because if he operates on the left eye and I start to see at 100%, considering I have -5.75 in the "good" eye, I won't be able to wear glasses due to the discrepancy between the two eyes. But it also doesn't make sense to touch the right eye if it doesn't have any cataract at the moment.

I'm not asking for medical consultation, since it does not make sense doing that over here, but I would like to understand if this is common and if what i described makes sense.
##########
32F dark spot inner corner of other eye when one is closed
I already have a neurology and neuro-ophthalmology appointment scheduled but I am eager for some answers

My visual field when I’m laying down moves from left to right really slowly 

Some days it’s worse than others 

I also sometimes see heat waves in my vision 

Most recently I have noticed that if I close my right eye and look out of my left eye, it starts to get dark in the inner corner of my eye but when I blink it goes back to normal and starts to slowly get dark again 

I don’t notice this when both my eyes are open and only noticed it at a recent eye exam but forgot to ask the doc about it while I was there 


She was a terrible doctor and was rushing me out so I wanted a second opinion anyways 

I was scared I was experiencing a retinal detachment but she said I don’t have that but I do have vitreous detachment which she assured me is a normal part of again 

Could the dark spot in the inner corner of my eyes be the vitreous detachment? 

It worries me because I don’t notice it when my eyes are open so want to make sure it’s not a progressive issue 

My neurologist has done MRI’s and from what I understand they haven’t seen or found anything notable there
##########
25F Asian with RCE wanting to wear contact lenses
Hello, I’ve had RCE a year ago and the tear is currently healed according to my doctor. I have gotten the RCE due to extreme dry eyes, eyes not fully closed when sleeping, and allergic rhinitis. I’ve never worn contacts my whole life (only when I had to wear bandage contacts when my RCE started) and only wear my glasses. Now, I would need to wear graded contact lenses as I’ll be visiting Bali and there are places where I should avoid wearing my glasses as the monkeys there would try to steal them. I’m thinking of wearing contacts for the trip. Will my RCE trigger again if I wear contacts?

Any suggestions so that my RCE won’t trigger while I wear contacts? 

Medications: hyabak and lacryvisc gel
Drinks occasionally, not a smoker, not doing drugs
##########
1 eye still bigger than other nearly 72 hrs after eye dilation.
13 month old. Female. 

Hi. So we had a very in depth comprehensive with a very good pediatric ophthalmologist. My daughter got 2 types of eye dilating drops. 1.0 % Cyclogyl, and 1.0 % of Mydriacyl. She did the left eye first. All was normally before and after the drops and exam. Passed with flying colors. Well ever since that the left pupil has been bigger than the right. They did not find any unequal pupil sizes before the drops and they did a pretty in depth thorough exam. Going on 72 hrs at 2 today and that one pupil is still a little bigger than the other. Can this be normal?
##########
39M Blurry vision and large spots in one eye only.
Race: Caucasian

Medical conditions: Only thing relevant would probably be PAH.

Medications: Fluticasone furoate/vilanterol, salbutamol, dextroamphetamine

Drink/Drugs: No

Smoke: Quit a few months ago.

The vision in my right eye has gone south, don't ever remember an issue like this before. I woke up and started my day and when looking at the computer screen my vision was off. Left eye is fine but my right eye looks like it has diplopia all on its own. Lines and text are doubled every so slightly.

Tried washing everything out thinking maybe I got some funk in it while sleeping no joy.

Went to take a picture for a post and using the flash filled the vision in my right eye full of black blobs over most of the view I had that quickly faded to white post-flash and are still faintly in my vision now. Not just like a regular floater but big. If this[ oval represented the vision in the eye those spots would be what I am seeing.](

Not dealt with this kinda thing before unsure how to proceed. Try to flush my eyeball directly?

Edit: Here's a pile of pictures, can't get the camera to focus I guess. Irritation is from me trying to hose it out in the shower.

[Here's a bunch. ](

[There's a bunch.](

[And a bunch more.](

Cataract sneak up on me or something?
##########
35F CSR Progression?
Friday 8/9 the vision in my(35f) left eye started to get “foggy”. It was annoying, but was almost as if there were just floaters in my eye.

Saturday 8/10 my vision in the left eye really started to mess with me. So much so that I had to tape my eye closed in order to work. (Desk job, on computer a lot)

Monday I called my eye Dr &amp; she was able to get some tests ran &amp; called me later to tell me I had CSR (Central Serous Retinopathy) I am otherwise healthy, have been losing weight steadily via exercise &amp; healthy eating over the past few months as I was diagnosed with heart palpitations due to stress a while back  I am definitely still stressed always…

Over the past week it has continued to get worse &amp; I feel like the vision in my right eye is starting to do something weird now. I can’t tell if it’s in my head now or if it’s actually happening. I’ve used an Amsler grid through this just to keep an eye on the left eye’s progression &amp; I am seeing some sort of difference in my right eye.

For anyone familiar with CSR, is this normal progression? Should my left eye be getting worse so quickly? I just feel like this isn’t normal &amp; it’s stressing me out more! My vision is so weird now at all times that I honestly feel like I’m in a mental fog constantly.

My eye Dr said she didn’t need to see me for a month to check progression but I’m going to be calling Monday I guess to let her know what’s going on.
##########
28M Painful corneal scar for 10 months
I have a scar (about 2mm wide) on the edge of my cornea (does not affect my vision at all) for 10 months because I changed my contact lenses too late. Since then my eye has been hurting all the time. Will the pain disappear at some point, is there anything that can be done about it? I regularly use eye drops and an eye ointment every night but it doesn't help with the pain.
##########
17M, south asian having wavy lines on amsler grid
17M, recenlty i have been having some issues with my vision, when reading sometimes the words will move around(slight). Went to my optomolagist and did all the exams (dialted eye exam, OCT, HRT, Fundoscopy) but they found nothing. macula, optic disc, retina seems to be completely healthy. ive already had 6 diff eye doctors in the past year for other eye issues. i do wanna mention i have lattice degeneration (stable now) and moderately myopic (-3.75 and -4) and some astigmatism. Im only taking eye drops atm, dont drink or smoke. sorry wrote this in a hurry lol
##########
24M, how long do reading glasses take to allegiate eye fatigue?
hi, I suffer from severe eye fatigue(last all day and worsens a lot after near work) and recently  got diagnosed with accomodative insufficiency and was prescribed plus lenses +1.00, just wondering how long does it take for them to allegiate the symptoms
##########
32 M - Eclipse &amp; Visual Snow Syndrome
On April 8th, I viewed the Solar Eclipse. I used certified eclipse glasses and looked at totality for literally one second.
The next day I woke up with a bit of blurry vision and floaters in my right eye. Within a week or two the other visual snow symptoms arose after images, static {Only really noticeable at night, mildly during the day}, night blindness, halos/starburst around lights.
Multiple eye doctors(3) and 2 retina specialists have said my retinas are healthy. OCT's are all clear.

I know visual snow is considered a neurological condition. Maybe my anxiety around blurry vision activated this hyperactivity in my brain but I also wonder if there's mild damage on the cellular level that doctors just cannot see.
I know some have it their whole life. Maybe there's some retina development issue? Idk just theorizing but I do find it interesting that many folks experienced the same visual snow symptoms in the weeks following the eclipse.

Has anyone else had this happen and then have it resolve in a year or so?
##########
36F excruciating eye pain after mastectomy
Hello —

My wife (36F) underwent a bilateral mastectomy with reconstruction yesterday. She has virtually no pain in her chest but her eyes have been bothering her since the minute she woke up, specifically her right eye. Photosensitivity and tearing, and extreme pain that she said felt like there was something in her eye. Post-op nurse contacted anesthesiologist who prescribed proparacaine. Nurse administered one drop in the right eye and sent us home with it. Told us we could use one and only one more drop, no sooner than 5 hours later. The nurse said that if it continued to hurt we could use OTC lubricating eyedrop’s but beyond that we would need to see an ophthalmologist.

This morning she woke up and said her eyes felt fine. After about a half hour she was in excruciating pain again. Both eyes bother her but the right is much worse. We did a second proparacaine drop this morning. It helped almost immediately, but within a half hour the pain was back just as badly as it was originally. We were using Systane drops but the last time she put those in she said not only did it help but it seemed to make it worse.

We have never had problems with our eyes so we are not established patients with an ophthalmologist locally. I called three offices, none of whom would do any kind of telehealth appointment, and as she is only about 15 hours postop she really isn’t up to going into an office somewhere as a new patient. From everything I read online, and everything that any nurse or doctor has said to us, corneal abrasions can be this painful and will heal in a few days. In the meantime is there anything that we can or should do to help ease this pain? Cold compress didn’t help, the eyedrops seem not to help either.
##########
23F what is this white line on my inner bottom eyelid (google drive image attached)
It doesn’t really hurt but I can feel it press against my eyeball whenever i blink, so it’s moreso of a “I don’t think I’m supposed to feel this happening so it’s a lil uncomfortable” kind of feeling. There’s no swelling or excessive redness around my eye. It’s just this white line.
Google drive link of the image bc I don’t know how to use Reddit on mobile lol: 

According to the mod bot, I should include that im Asian and I’ve had this white line for the past week. I don’t take any medication and I don’t drink, smoke, or do drugs

Please reccomend a way to get rid of it if you can. It would be greatly appreciated
##########
33m white American, Sudden onset of binocular double vision
I have been in glasses and contacts for 25ish years. Monday afternoon I started having double vision. Got to an Optometrist Thursday when it was bad enough I couldn’t drive. They said eyes look good and healthy, and previous prescription was pretty good, but gave me prism glasses (2.5 in each) and referred me out to a neurologist/ophthalmologist. Assuming I don’t have a brain tumor that will kill me before I get to the specialist, I have some questions about what is going on and how to adjust.

1) Optometrist asked about the last time I had blood work done (early this year, high cholesterol and the same pre-hypertension i have had for 15 years). Is there something that could explain this in my bloodwork? Also, should I get a copy of that from my PCP before going to the specialist?

2) She took pictures but no eye dilation. She said the “back of the eye looks healthy”, but what does that mean in this case? Also, what kind if tests should I expect when I go to the specialist?

3) The prism glasses allow me to focus on anything out to a few yards, but they also make me somewhat dizzy and I have some peripheral double vision that makes it just as difficult to drive. I assume this is just the adjustment to the prism, but is there anything I can do to speed that along? 

4) I know its a long-shot, but any guess what is wrong with me or the likelihood this is permanent?

Bonus background if it helps: I’m a smoker, had moderately high blood pressure since I was a teen. I’m on no medication and have had no eye problems in the past, but an astigmatism in my left eye. I’m primarily a contacts wearer and have been for 5ish years, but I keep my glasses prescription up in case I’m feeling lazy. Currently in physical therapy for a minor shoulder injury, and have been for a few weeks.
##########
34M - Eye twitch and occasional fatigue 3 months after falling on face
I fainted approximately 3 months ago and woke up with a minor black eye and some tenderness around the eye. I do not have any vision loss or superficial permanent damage, but my left eye (the impacted one) simply feels different than my right eye, almost like it's 2% deflated compared to the other one. When I push both eyes closed, the muscles in my left eye take slightly longer to feel reset, and my left eye twitches a little. When I am tired, it can also feel a little bit fatigued. 

Who would be the best kind of doctor to see about this, and does anyone have any idea whether this is fixable with physical therapy or anything? 

Note: I did not seek treatment more immediately because I had a lapse in insurance coverage, which has since been resolved and I'm trying to find an appointment.
##########
32F, eyeball lump
Hey,

5 weeks ago I noticed a light red lump on my eyeball. I thought I would see if it went away and waited over 1 weeks but nothing happened.

I saw my GP who give me eye drops, asked things like did I bump it, am I allergic to anything etc. he thought it was an eye infection 

1 week later and the bump is still there. He then sent me to the eye clinic at the hospital. The eye clinic give me 3 lots of drops, ointment for night time, gel to keep it from getting dry and ciloxan each to take 4 times daily 

1 week later (4 weeks now), the eye was still the same. A different dr give me maxidex to take 4 times a day

1 weeks later (5 weeks now), another dr thinks it’s a cyst and tells me he’s going to drain it by poking it with a needle. So he pokes it, soaks up the blood etc with cotton bud, repeats this 2 more times. Then he tells me it’s not fluid, the lump is hard 

He puts me on a waiting list to have part of it cut and sent to the lab and gives me the same drops as the last dr. I’m back again in 2 weeks 

Can anyone else help if they have had the same issues? 


##########
1M; Is there a scratch in my 1month baby eye ?
Hello,

Need help in ascertaning whether there's scratch in my baby's eye or not. So some days back I think he scratched his eyes and since his fingernails are little big it might have hit indside of his eye. But I am not able to know with certaninity whether it's scratch or something else. Providing two pics one with marker where I can see the scratch and one without any marker (see the below links). Can somebody plz help!

[

[
##########
26M Is it normal to have headache when moving from spherical to cylinderical power?
My previous power was  
Spherical  
L: -2.75  
R: -1.5  


New power is  
Spherical  
L: -2    
R: -1   

Cylindrical  
L: -0.5 Axis: 160°  
R: -0.5 Axis: 180°  


I went through an eye test recently and optometrist suggested cylindrical power as well 

But ever since I got my glasses two days back, I noticed that I'm having some kind of headache, heavy head and a bit of dizziness out of sudden.

There does not look much change in power, I went a specs shop to check my new specs number to ensure that I got correct lenses, and it looks as per the prescription, the person at the shop told that there could be 5-10 degree error in axis when checking it on machine.

This person at the shop also told that it can be normal to take a few days to adjust.

Is this normal to have such feelings when moving from spherical to cylinderical?

Will it affect my eyes in the long term?

Any other thoughts you may have?

Thanks
##########
4m toddler corneal neovascularization
Since the beginning of the year(over the course of 7 appointments and 4 different drs) I have been trying to get this issue taken care of and it just keeps coming back I feel like no one is taking it seriously and I don’t know what else to do. 

My son who is just about 4 years old has has issues with his eyes for the past two years, chronic large stys and chalazion in both eyes, often multiple at a time in each eye. But at the beginning of the year we noticed some sort of growth on his eye. After a couple visits it was described to be Corneal neovascularization. We tried a few different drops that didn’t work and ended up with a combination steroid antibiotic that took down the inflammation and made the vascularization go away but it left a scar that we were told would never go away, the scar is very near if not slightly overlapping the pupil. We were told to keep a close eye on it, keep his eye lubricated and clean and the scar will get better but we can’t let the vascularization continue because it will start to affect vision if it goes any farther. 

Since that initial treatment with the combo drops it has come back twice even with lubricating drops and eye wipes morning and night.

Its back again and our eye dr is busy and is booking a week out but prescribed oral erythromycin over the phone since the eye ointment version bad reaction the first time we tried it but I can see the vascularization getting worse every day and I’m so worried he’s going to be permanently impaired because of this. His eyes already get fatigued super easy, they’re sensitive to light and are watering constantly. 

I already feel so bad that is eye is permanently scared and I don’t want it to affect his vision more than it already has. Not to mention he’s a toddler and every new round of treatment means 3-4 times a day pinning him down kicking and screaming to give drop or clean his eyes. 

I’m just lost any information you all can give would be greatly appreciated.
##########
40M Any way I can avoid surgery?
I've had type 1 diabetes for 38 years and developed advanced diabetic retinopathy. Average a1c recently has been around 7. I haven't had any bleeds in a while and have been getting avastin injections. My dr is saying the the scar tissue on the top right of the picture is pulling on my retina and is going to detach it if I don't get a vitrectomy. The vision in my right eye is already bad from a previous vitrectomy and I am unable to read with it because the central vision is distorted and blurry so the downtime from getting one in my left eye is pretty scary. I appreciate any advice/suggestions.

I don't smoke or drink or do drugs.

[
##########
19M starburst and glares at night
I had barrage laser treatment in my left eye about 2.5 months ago. Everything went well except that I developed extreme dry eyes. I am using artificial drops daily, but during the night, even after using the drops, I experience intense starbursts in both eyes. I believe I am suffering from severe dry eye syndrome following the barrage laser treatment. How long will this last, and how can I reduce it more effectively? It's already been 2.5 months of using artificial drops 4-6 times a day, but the condition has not improved. I got checked by my retinal doctor, and he said everything is fine. What should I do now?
##########
25f, I've always seen these parachute halos along with the usual astigmatism streaks. Any idea what they are?
For as long as I can remember, I've always seen these parachute halos and whenever I try to describe them or draw them to my opto, ophthalmologist or even retinologist, no one can say for sure what they are. They never appear as a full circle, always just a section of the circle. I think they are just normal halos but I don't understand why they appear that way and not as a full circle like I see in pictures of others pov.

I, 25f, have high myopia (~-16 in both eyes) and astigmatism (-0.5 in both eyes). I also got a retinoschisis diagnosis last year in my right eye, and got 2 ulcers in my right eye 12 years ago, 1 in my left.

 I got my first glasses at 4yo, first contact lenses at 10yo. 

Any ideas?


##########
26 M Very small line/blip blocking small parts of letters when reading with my right eye?
So today I was trying to see if I my scratch on my glasses was going to be noticeable if light shined on them while wearing them. I used my iPhone flashlight and looked at it trying to get the scratch to shine. Must have been less than a minute but I looked directly at the light. 

I’m on my phone some 8 hours later and laying on my side with my left eye blocked and watching a video with subtitles. I started noticing that parts of the letters, not the entire letter, was blocked by a small line/blip. It’s just off of my direct vision so when I involuntarily try to look at it, it moves over. I thought it would be a migraine as I do get the aura when I get one but I have not had one two hours later and it’s still there when I close my left eye and I’m panicking thinking I gave myself a blind spot. I could use some takes on this.
##########
35f, not sure if I’m explaining myself properly to the Optometrist.
Okay, hear me out this might get a little wordy. 

Hx. I am 35f who has worn near-sighted glasses since I was 8 years old. Once I got around 14 I began wearing contact lenses and my vision didn’t particularly change a whole lot until I was 30 or so. 

Since then, when I was about 33 my vision “changed too dramatically” for that doctor and they recommended I followed up with my PCP. I did that got on some medication and everything was good until about the last 6 months or so. 

My eyes have began to get very irritated when I wear my contacts and for a few days after, it also feels like my eyes are more sensitive to light. So I stopped wearing them as much then I started noticing my vision getting a bit worse and just figured it was time to update my prescription. So I made an appointment and figured I could discuss the issues I was having and updating my rx at the same time. 

[edit: I do not sleep in my contacts. The most that has happened is nodding off on the couch during a movie or something then I immediately take them out. The only thing that changed is I was using a the generic solution from Sam’s Club (members mark) and I asked my partner to pic me some up one day and he got me Optifree which I’ve used occasionally over the years and never had an issue with]

Well, at this appointment the same thing happened and my eyes “changed to dramatically” for this doctor (-4.25 from 5/2022 appointment to -5.50 ) and they immediately asked if I had diabetes. I told them no, my glucose labs and A1C have always been quite normal. They insisted I follow up with PCP. Again , no problem. Did that all labs came back unremarkable. 

I have another appointment with a different doctor for a contact lense eval soon and will discuss this more in detail then. But I guess I just feel kind of frustrated and wanted to vent.
##########
22M, Need advice regarding glasses/dry eye
Hey people,

Im battling severe dry eyes for a bit over a year now and have made some progress. However, a few months in I noticed I get flare ups whenever I clean my glasses which only subside once they get a bit dirty and I cant see less clear ): My baseline dry eye pain is not very fun either but with clear glasses its literal hell!

Sooo, my question is could this mean something is wrong with my prescription? I have astigmatism and slight convergence insufficiency, are non clear glasses kinda acting as a plaster for wrong glasses or is that something unrelated?

Dry eyes are enough of a challenge, I dont want to look through smudged glasses for the Rest of my life to make pain tolerable, any and all advice is welcomed and appreciated, ty in advance
##########
31M. Right eye issue
TLDR; Right eye blurriness Issue. Desperately looking for someone someone who has the same issue 

Hi reddit, reaching out to the community to see if any of you have a similar issue as me. Frankly, I'm really worried about myself and I can't find any other cases similar to mine online.

The past couple months I've been seeing a small speck in the center of only my right eye. Particularly on my drives after hiking some Colorado 14ers (peaks above 14k ft), but not always. It's hard to explain the dot, but it is a blurry speck that impedes my view. If I close my eye, I can see a white dot for a second or two. In most cases, it'll go away within 24-48 hours. 

The past 2-3 weeks I've been seeing the same dot much more frequently and it lingered for a while. Came in and go practically every other day.

Then, on Saturday hiking down from a peak all of sudden I'm seeing this blurry arc line, kinda like a 1/3rd of a circle directly below left of the center of eyesight. It was unbelievably blurry and it was kinda like I'm looking at a "blank"/invisible line if that makes sense? It wasn't a flashing light (unless closing my eye), but basically a blurry skinny half moon arc. Sometimes I can make out a gray area where the arc is. As of today, I can very faintly make out a full circle if I close my eye. 

It lingered for around 6 hours until I admitted myself into the ER. The doctor didn't see anything of concern and referred me to a eye doctor office for the following Monday. I was also given migraine IV fusion that did not help. I went to the eye office on Monday (yesterday) and conducted a series of testing. The doctor didn't seem too concerned and quite a bit confused and told me to return in a month. He mentioned that I have a blood flow issue (?) and it could be from a cold or hiking higher altitude. Both doctors seemed curious and unsure on my condition.

To be honest, I'm terrified of this blurry line/arc that is very much still present and a bit frustrated that I can't find any oter person that is experiencing this. This blurry arc is awful. 

So I'm reaching out to anyone here who is familiar, I would love to hear your input on this
##########
45F getting an injection tomorrow
I don't remember what it is called, but a month ago I noticed blurred and distorted vision  in my left eye.  I saw my doctor and he confirmed  I have swelling occurring at the back of the eye.  I have been seeing him for 3 or 4 years and receiving laser treatment for leakage that occurred.  Things were going good until this.  I have since learned I have high blood pressure.  I am now on a wait list for a gyno referral to get my tube's tied so I can get off birth control.

I don't know what the injection actually contains, but will it correct the swelling right away? I am scheduled for tomorrow morning. 

He also prescribed me 5 2mg tablets of Ativan to take before the injection.  Will that knock me out enough so I don't know what is happening? If not, I might not go through with it.

Can anyone tell me what to expect without pictures? How long will it take? I won't see it, will I? I know my eye will be frozen, but how do I not move it?
##########
33F, clear bubble on eye white
Hi! I had iritis for the first time in April and tapered too quickly off pred so it came back in June and I started pred again with a slower taper. Since I was diagnosed with iritis I’ve had this clear bubble on the white of my eye. It’s inflamed sometimes and looks like a clear bubble and other times I don’t feel it and it’s flatter. Since I’ve tapered off pred (about 3 weeks now), this bubble comes up every morning. I have allergies and take a daily allergy pill, started using pataday at night and use systane PF during the day as needed. What is this clear bubble? Should I be concerned? Will this ever go away? I think the opthamologist mentioned pinguecula. But I never had this issue before I had iritis. It feels like something is constantly stuck in my eye. 

 [
##########
20F Tropicamide for 2 weeks to strengthen eye muscle
I am 20F white, smoke and drink ocasionally, pretty active and a healthy weight, don't have any other medical issues or take any medicine becides supplements. Got Lasik done January 2023, result where amazing. Went from -5 in both eyes and a bit of astigmatism to perfect vision. Didn't really have any side effects. My eyes have always been pretty sensitive to strong light, dry and easily start tearing.
So as the title says, my doctor prescribed 2 weeks every night usage of tropicamide in order to help my weak eye muscle. I didnt find any source that supports this usage of tropicamide. Could someone help me understand what he meant or he is right? Is it safe to use tropicamide so often? Thanks!
##########
29M - Exophoria Treatment
Exophoria 

Hi Guys,

I have recently discovered I have Exophoria. The results of this discovery have thrown more than spanner into my life (apparently I might have seen two ….) 

The below is my results

As noted in the special eye report (SER, dated 28/5/2024) the patient has a very large exophoria at near (20-22PD), and a smaller but still significant 8PD exophoria in the distance.

This would typically suggest convergence insufficiency, but given his near point of convergence is reported at &lt; 10cm (normal), then this is likely more a case where he has a very low accommodative convergence : accommodation (AC/A) ratio, exacerbated by his distance exophoria. The optometrist states that he was unable to break his oculomotor system (as in force a tropia), and there was no suppression. This is supported by the high level of stereopsis, and means it is very unlikely that he has experienced suppression or abnormal diplopia in day to day living.

However, a common assessment of risk of binocular disassociation of exophoria is Sheard’s criterion, in which the opposing fusional reserve is required to be double the phoria. In this case, his positive fusional reserves breaking at 34PD, while larger than normal^1 (evidence for a longstanding nature), fall well short of meeting the 44PD required for this criterion. Additionally, many advocate for the use of the blur threshold, rather than the break,^2 as this is when the visual system is initially under stress and is highly susceptible to breaking to diplopia. His 20PD blur threshold essentially gives no reserve capacity in his visual system before it impacts clear (unblurred) binocular vision. Note that his results imply that his blur threshold is less than his deviation at near, but this could be due to rounding errors and test variability over time.^3

As both his fusional reserves and the deviation itself are large, the ‘step size’ of a measuring prism bar typically increases to 2PD at this level, and 5PD above 25PD. Nonetheless, there is very little reserve capacity, and factors that could impact his ability to maintain fusion, such as unexpected stress (which could be expected while flying), would likely place him at significant risk of unexpected acute binocular diplopia. Additionally, the large exophoria at near and interplay with accommodation via the low AC/A places him at an elevated risk over time. As his level of accommodation naturally decreases with age, this already weak ‘driver’ of convergence may further decrease. This is already reflected in the low negative relative accommodation of +1.50 (outside normal limits), which is also rather asymmetric from the positive relative accommodation (which is higher as it drives additional convergence)

This is the defined result


Distance phoria: 8 exophoria - no vertical
Near phoria: 22 exophoria - no vertical

Positive fusional reserves at 40 cms: 20/34/24
Negative fusional reserves at 40 cms: 14/22/18

Stereopsis: 20 secs arc - Randot targets

Amplitude of accommodation: 10D R/L push up to first blur

Positive relative accommodation: -3.50
Negative relative accommodation: +1.50

Near point of convergence: &lt;10cms

I was unable to break his oculomotor system with repeated cover testing and his recovery from break on fusional reserves is efficient. There is no hint of suppression on Randot stereopsis.

———————-  

What I want to know is 

• Will it ever be possible through either Vision Therapy, Surgery, or Witchcraft to either meet Sheard’s Criterion, or reduce the near 22 Exophoria to less than 12 Exophoria - Or am I screwed ? 


Appreciate the help !
##########
34/m Wandering eye with glasses and not when taken off.
So i am 34 M, I recently noticed that my right eye has started drifting when i would look into the mirror. Im not sure how long this has been going on (roughly 2-3 years-ish) because i never really looked into the mirror in a self examination type of way, fixing hair, skin care etc etc, but recently i did, and noticed it was drifting quite a bit.

Admittedly i do spend far to long on the computer and don't really touch grass as much as i really should.

History: when i was a little kid i had surgery on one of my eyes to help fix a stigmatism, i think it was, i am not sure of which eye it was though, i do believe i wore a patch on my left eye, from vague memories, so i don't know if it was a bandage or a patch to help improve my right eye strength.

So with all of that my main thing that is going on with my eye is; When i am wearing my glasses, which is a relatively strong script. I dont know if the info below bares any importance to this but it's.

sph      +5.5  // +4.5  
cyl       -3 1    //  -3.5  
axs       40   //  048

&amp;#x200B;

so when im wearing my glasses the right eye wanders, but as soon as i take them off it snaps back into place. as well if i close my left eye it goes back into place, which i assume is just a natural brain fixing its sight.

but yeah what importance/impact/difference is it that with my glasses that allows me to be able to see clearly makes it got wonky, but when everything is fuzzy and out of focus it fixes it self... is it my script needs to be changed, or something off with my glasses design?

any info/tips would be great than
##########
27M, I think I scratched my sclera
*I meant to write cornea in the title*

I have no idea how, maybe when taking out my contacts. But since last night my left eye feels like there's a grain of sand when I blink, or more accurately like when you put your contact on inside out. Yes I took out my contacts and there is not one in my eye. I looked closely in the mirror with light and I don't see any foreign objects under or on my eyelid.  I tried washing it out and using eye drops, nothing helps

Could this be a scratched cornea? Will this heal on it's own?
##########
30M episcleritis
Healthy, no past medical history. 

Diagnosed episcleritis. Have had it last 2 weeks. Had a massive sinus infection 2 weeks prior. Now starting steroid drops. First time this has happened. 

Will this go away? Does this tend to reoccur? So scared reading about everything autoimmune. 

Any positive stories?
##########
27F flashing in eye
I’ve been having some issues with my right eye. I went to the eye doctor for some contacts and while he was looking at my eye he said that the nerve at the back of my eye is a light color and it’s worth getting it checked out. I have these random flashes of light in the corner of my eye which kind of roll from the bottom to the top. I also have water like vision in the corner of my eye. I noticed that my peripheral vision is not as good on the right side of my right eye… I know it’s my fault for not getting it looked at sooner but I really didn’t think anything of it and I made the mistake of googling it. Could this just be nothing or a sign of something more serious?
##########
23M - Not sure if the prescription is correct based on my results.
‎I have never worn any glasses and I’m just going to get a pair.

I have a mild difficulty seeing afar. I feel nothing specific regarding my astigmatism.

I went to an ophthalmologist to determine my eye number, but I’m hesitant to get a pair of glasses based on this prescription because of the possible discrepancies between the results and prescription.


##########
47M Blocked vision remains after vitrectomy
I had a large portion of left central vision blocked out by what the retinologist called a floater.  I went to three separate doctors to be sure.  I always asked them to please double check because it tracks to my eye movement much tighter than any floater I’ve ever had.  After seeing the last doctor, he recommended vitrectomy so that was done on Monday.  When I got my patch off yesterday it was very clear (even with the air bubble) that the main issue was still there. The doctor completely blew me off saying “it’s gone” and just to “give it a few days”.  However, as the patient I see it’s completely unchanged and no part of it is gone (the shape is very recognizable).  

Any idea what I should recommend to the doctor to check because obviously they aren’t checking the right thing?  I’m worried I have AMD (both mom and maternal grandfather had it), but my doctors all know this and say I’m fine.  How to diagnose definitively?

Thank you.  For further info, I’m Caucasian and no history of drugs or smoking.  Very limited alcohol use.  No history of eye trauma
##########
29M a fourth opinion before I get a fifth
I've had a problem with my left eye for more than 2 or 3 years where it gets red unexplainably, everyday, almost all day and the eye lid is drooping. I also feel like something is in it but it's not too bad. I never thought much of it at the beginning but it persisted to the point where I thought I should get it checked. I also kept getting comments about it from my surroundings. Some people thought I was high and others kept telling me to get it checked. 

So maybe a year later since I noticed the problem, I saw an ophthalmologist. He ran some tests and told me I had astigmatism and needed to wear glasses. I then went and bought a pair. He also gave me some fake tears and a cream to apply in my eye month. I wore the glasses. Nothing happened. The glasses don't help. I thought it must be something else so I went to see a GP. 

The GP told me it was either glaucoma or herpes. He wanted to run some further tests and booked me in for two weeks but I thought he was full of shit so I didn't go. 

Third opinion I got was from a doctor at the eye hospital 5 months ago. I thought if I went to the eye hospital, it will be taken seriously and I will finally know and could treat the problem. The doctor told me it was Horner's syndrome. He booked me for an MRI to see the cause but nothing showed up on the scan and that was that. He also gave me the same fake tears and cream to apply in my eye for a month and obviously, that didn't help again. One of the symptoms for Horner's syndrome is decreased sweating on the side of the face but I sweat on all my face equally. I do have a drooping eyelid though and maybe my pupil is a different size than the other sure. I might have Horner's syndrome but is it normal for Horner's syndrome for my eye to always be bloodshot red and hurt? Don't I have an infection (too)? That's for I'm starting to think.

I'm so tired of this. Nobody is giving me the same answer. My eye hurts, I've had people tell me they thought I was just high on weed and who knows how many think I'm just out of a crying session. It's ugly.

I have another appointment booked at the eye hospital in two weeks but honestly, I think I might just go the the emergencies as it's really hurting and I'm afraid to lose my eye. 

What do you all think?

I wish I could upload some pictures but imgur doesn't work in my country
##########
37F severe dry eye + pain + eyebag -- do I need to get a third opinion?
Caucasian, don't drink, smoke or use any drugs.

I have been suffering from pretty severe dry eye since January, which I at first didn't recognize as such. The onset was after I had a big allergic reaction on my face which caused swelling and burning especially on my eyelids, and I had to also use all kinds of lotions and potions to fix, as well as prescription prednisone.

When I understood the watery eyes meant my eyes were dry, I started using artificial tears. They relieved symptoms a bit temporarily, but didn't cure it. In some moments it's been better but mostly stayed the same. In May I saw an eye specialist who thought my dryeye would be dye to contact allergies from cosmetics. She recommended to eliminate all possible allergens and keep using eye drops. I did it, dry eye still very severe, all the time.

A couple of weeks ago I saw an optician who specializes in dry eye. She said I have MGD and performed IPL. After the treatment she said in my left eye the glands did produce some oils when looking with a microscope but in my right eye came nothing. Sent me home with instructions to do warm compresses, cleaning my eye lids and different eyedrops. (Apparently the ones the eye doctor had prescribed can block the glands, go figure.)

I realize it hasn't been quite long enough yet with the new instructions, but I restarted work after vacation and I find looking at the screen *unbearable*, even with doing all that and using eye drops all day long (thicker morning and night, lighter during the day every hour or more). I'm questioning **do I still need a third opinion?**

The actual symptoms are:

* severe dryness in both eyes but especially right eye, which doesn't seem to have any natural lubrication. I wear sun glasses or regular glasses whenever outside now, can still feel the wind in my eyeballs un comfortably, also any kind of AC. My eyes tire from screens in less than 10 minutes and wish I could just keep them closed.
* in my right eye: pain in the lacrimal gland area, pain in the tear duct area, all around discomfort when keepin my eye open, every waking moment
* related or not, but appeared same time with the dry eye: Fat prolapse under my right eye is more clear than on the left, I have a noticable constant puffy eyebag here. Trying to do eye excercises, squinting etc, in my right eye the muscles twitch and feel weaker. My right eye feels swollen and like it doesn't close as tightly, as the lower lid seems to be far away from the eyeball somehow.

I kind of constantly feel like I wish I could poke my right eye with tiny needles and relieve the feeling of pressure and discomfort.

Currently treating things:

* warm compresses daily + cleaning eyelids morning and night
* eye drops morning and night (gel) + throughout the day (watery ones), no preservatives
* omega3 supplements for 3+ months, eat healthy and lots of fish etc
* at home red light therapy for the face 4 times a week also 3+ months

Pictured here my right eye: [

**Qestion 1) Should I seek yet another opinion? Some help directed at the lacrimal gland? Or just keep hoping the meibomian glands will start working again?**

**Question 2) I seriously dislike the eyebag especially under my right eye. Is a transconjunctival blepharoplasty ever likely going to be possible for me? I wish I could get one.**
##########
35M -kenalog 40 injection into white part of the eye to reduce inflammation?
It was recommended by my doctor.
I do have dry eyes also

But I am uncertain and want to find out more about this.

As far as can understand kenalog 40 injection is a long acting steroid which lasts about 6 weeks and acts on the localized area of the eye surface (cornea) to reduce inflammation 
. Except rise in eye pressure, what else can expect from it? Is it dangerous?.

No chalazion or anything like that. It's just inflammation on the eye surface. 
Currently putting methyl Prednisolone 4x a day and apparently that hasn't reduced the inflammation to the point of satisfaction for my doctor. So he recommended kenalog 40 injection into the white part of the eye where inflammation is to reduce it
##########
28M - About Fluorescein Strips
Hello all,

Today i went to doctor to get checked if i had any corneal problems because recent days small amount of chemical got into my eye when cleaning the house. Results were good no problem with cornea but my question is doctor used Fluorescein strips to check my cornea after that 20-30 minutes later when i was going back home my eyes were burning little bit so i decided to stop at gas station and rinsed my eyes with tap water. Normally Istanbul's (Turkey) tap water is clean (do not know about the pipes though) how long Fluorescein stays in the eye without any rinsing. Am i under risk by rinsing it with tap water just after 20 minutes? I do feel a bit pressure on my left eye maybe it was psychological i am not so sure. Is there any possibility for chemical reaction between Fluorescein and tap water. I need some  answers if possible.
##########
32 F - Changes in vision from earmuff pressure?
Hi everyone, 

I have severe noise sensitivity from an ear injury and wear either “construction” earmuffs (Peltors) or earplugs almost 24/7. 

Months ago, I started having light sensitivity and blurry vision. The light issue seem to be better and maybe a bit of the blurriness, but I’ve noticed a very concerning change in my vision

I’m not sure how to explain it - everything just looks “off” and distorted. Looking at my phone seems ok, but when I look further away (like at the tv), I almost want to open my eyes wide and adjust my glasses because it doesn’t look right. 

Is there any chance the constant pressure from these muffs has damaged my vision and/or the structure and nerves in my head? I’m also weaning of propranolol which I heard can cause blurry vision, but I’m not sure about this specific issue.

I’m scared that I did something permanent, and I don’t even know if a Dr can assist if I damaged something. I’m mostly wearing earplugs now and will start switching to noise canceling headphones so I can stop using muffs. 

I’m homebound and I’m worried about risking the noise of a car ride to see a Dr. Would I see an ophthalmologist? I found an optometrist who does house calls, but Im nervous about what he might need to do (dilation drops, etc). 

Thanks so much for your help
##########
25M Laser for retinal holes
Hi everyone,

I had a retinal detachment in my right eye a few months ago (you can check out my previous post for more details). Recently, I had an Optos scan on both eyes, and the report mentioned for my good eye "multiple lattices with holes in the far periphery from 11 to 2 o'clock and from 4 to 8 o'clock." My doctor has recommended an Argon laser treatment, which I’m scheduled to undergo in a few days.

I have a few concerns and would appreciate your insights:

1. **How serious are these lattice holes, and how crucial is it to get the Argon laser done?** I’m really worried about the possibility of another retinal detachment, especially since my left eye is my only good eye now.

2. **What can I expect from the Argon laser treatment?** Will it affect my vision, and if so, how? I've noticed small blind spots in my lower peripheral vision when I try to move something small—could the laser make this worse, or will it just keep things stable?

3. **Could the laser treatment cause any new blind spots, black or gray areas in my vision?** I want to be prepared for what might happen after the procedure.

If anyone has been through this or has knowledge about it, I'd really appreciate your advice. 

Here’s the Optos image of my eye: [Optos Image](
##########
21M Optometrist noticed retina detachment but told me not to worry about it
 I went to a routine eye exam yesterday and the doctor did an eye exam with dilation drops. She told me that I have something called "retinal detachment", but that I shouldn't worry. She did warn me to go the closest eye doctor if I ever notice a sudden increase of floaters or loss of peripheral vision.

At the time I didn't know what she was talking about, so I said ok and thanked her for the warning. Now, upon reading up on the condition, it seems like retinal detachment is an emergency that must be treated as soon as it is noticed... I am no professional, so I am very confused why she told me "not to worry" and instructed me to wait for advanced symptoms. What should my next steps be?
##########
34F Possible double vision after vitrectomy
Possible double vision after vitrectomy

Hi all, am 34 F with 3 retina detachment surgeries over the past few months, been a roller coaster ride. Had 2 separate surgeries on my right eye, first was a scleral buckle and second was vitrectomy with gas bubble as the first surgery did not quite fix the detachment. I understood from the doc that the detachment impacted the macula and subretinal fluid took some time to go away (was quite thick hence detachment had happened for sometime). Recovery for the right eye was alright, became extremely near sighted but vision was 150 degrees. Vision was also distorted, with straight lines being wavy and slightly slanted. However, as my left eye was near perfect, it helped to compensate.

Fast forward to 2 months after and the doc caught an early retina detachment in my good left eye. I was highly myopic for both eyes and hence she said it was bound to happen. Detachment was just a peripheral one so it’ll be an easy fix. Had the same vitrectomy with gas bubble surgery the next day but this time round, I had post op complication with bleeding. As the blood mixed with the eye fluid, it obstructed my vision and I could not see for a good one month. At the one month mark, doc did an air fluid exchange procedure in the office to drain out the bloody fluid and put in an air bubble.

Vision is now slowly recovering in the left eye, but still slightly cloudy (prob from leftover blood)and some small black dots remain (prob blood debris as well). However, I’m starting to notice some double vision as the brain js now trying to merge 2 blurry images together. Previously it wasn’t an issue as the left eye had perfect vision (even if the right eye produced some distorted vision). I’m hoping that as the left eye recovers over the next few weeks/months, the brain will pick out the sharper image instead. Anyone had similar experiences? Pls help!
##########
36F - white spot, pain, itching, left eye only


Attempting this again bc I keep missing the specific details required. 

No contacts, glasses, or history of eye issues. 

Pain and itching started 48 hours ago. Started antibiotic drops and antihistamine drops 12 hours ago with minimal improvement. White spot next the the most redness. Not enough redness and no discharge to indicate pink eye. 

36f, no medical issues, had covid two weeks ago.
##########
30F-bacterial keratitis and contact lens
I wear contact lenses and on wednesday my left eye was getting irritated from the contact lenses. I had to endure it for the next 4 hours because i was at work and didnt have my glasses with me. When i took the contact lens out in the evening , my left eye was red and swollen. Next morning i had hazy vision and noticed 2 small white dots in corner of the iris. Went to the ED they said its a small corneal ulcer, and gave me cipro drops. The next day i saw an ophthalmologist who said its bacterial keratitis. He added gentamycin drops and told me to use them every hour. I have been doing that for almost 48 hours now. The pain has resolved as has the light sensitivity, but the eye is still so bloody red and swollen and teary.

How will I know the antibiotic is working and the infection is clearing up? How long does it take for the redness to subside? I am so scared that this going to turn out to be Ameobic keratitis or something.
##########
25F - Horners?
Hello,

25F, Caucasian, no smoking, occasional light drinking.

My eyelid (left in the picture) appears to be sunken in. This occurred in June/July of this year. I don’t have any pain or vision changes. 

Additionally, that same eye has a smaller pupil in dim light. I first noticed this in January of this year. Again, no pain or vision issues.

Edit: Notably, the pupil is not always smaller. Even in dim light, they are often symmetrical, but sometimes the one eye will have a smaller pupil as shown. It is more common when I wake up in the morning or when I’m tired at night.

I have no other eye problems other than mild myopia (I wear glasses) and I have Graves’ disease with a thyroid ablation in 2015.

Any insight would be greatly appreciated. I used Dr Google (I know…) and Horners came up as well as silent sinus syndrome. 


##########
27M Retinal bleed a few months after vitrectomy?
I (27M) had a vitrectomy performed around 5 months ago for a retinal detachment in my right eye. The result was good and I luckily lost almost no vision, although I was left with some distortion that I got used to.

Around a week ago, my vision which had been improving and healing steadily since the operation, very suddenly started getting quite blurry. Right around the same time I was also seeing these black, thick, very compact floaters (not a lot, and never more than one at a time, but very clearly visible).

Now, right after my surgery, I had a big retinal haemorrhage that took a few months to clear out, and back then I used to see a lot of those floaters very often, which leads me to believe that I might be going through a milder version of the same thing.

I’ve had 2 appointments already, and they’ve told me that everything looks good. I’ve however booked another one now that the blurriness has gotten a little worse. They’ve told me that my lens is cloudy, but I already knew this, and if the issue is indeed the lens, it feels weird that it would worsen so much over just a couple days.

I’m interested to know if anyone went through anything similar and can offer experience.

Thanks so much!
##########
39M - Dim, off-white blob in my right eyes vision.
**Race:** Caucasian

**Medical:** I have -1 prescription glasses that I wear for heavy reading load. No medical issues. Take 300XL Wellbutrin for mild depression, anxiety.

**Drugs/alcohol:** I drink moderately and will take a weed edible for sleep occasionally.

**Duration:** I just "discovered" this blog yesterday, but it has been happening for a while I think (I thought work stress was just making my head a little foggy). 

**Primary Complaint:** I have a weird yellow/greyish colored blob that covers maybe 30-40% of my right eyes vision starting from the bottom right corner. 

* When I cover my left eye and look at white text on a black background, it is much more prevalent, making the white text is kind of yellowish/greyish.  
* When I am reading in bed, sometimes my right eye makes it seem like an object is moving across my chest in my bottom right peripheral (not squiggly floaters, more like optical illusion).
* When I blink rapidly, I can see it burnt into my vison for a half second, or so.
* Sometimes it is hard to concentrate and read things.

It is the weekend, so my optometrist is closed, but thought I would see if someone can help explain what might be going on? Any way to alleviate it or is it a "wait and see " thing?
##########
28F scratched cornea
I scratched my cornea about 4 months ago. It was on a weekend, the optometrist was closed so I went to urgent care. They did the testing with the dye and the light and confirmed it was scratched. I was prescribed Erythromycin Ophthalmic Ointment and used it for the full time frame that had been prescribed and it's been perfect ever since.
However, this past week, l've been having issues with that same eye feeling dry/scratchy when I wake up. The ointment I have does not expire until August of 2025. Would I be able to still use this ointment or if not, does anyone have any recommendations for an eye lubricant I can use for a dry eye?
##########
23F Eye , neck and forehead pain what is that?
Last couple of days my eyes hurt and my forehead when i touch it. I feel very sleepy also. When i bend over my back of head/ neck hurts. Pain is similar when you are sick/ have flue.

Edit: i forgot to mention, i started working at place where is alot of colder then outside/ AC is running non stop and then outside is like 35 celusius ( 95 F). 

Anyone with similar experience?
##########
29M How best to describe my vision at upcoming Diabetic Eye Exam?
29M, diabetic, high BP, and thyroid issues. Taking metformin for diabetes, lisinopril for blood pressure, not taking any thyroid medications. (I have diagnosed thyroid problems but waiting for endocrinologist appointment to get on meds to deal with it)

Mods, please delete if not allowed ❤️

Hello, I am looking for advice on how to best describe my vision problems at my upcoming Diabetic Eye Test. I have never been to an eye doctor before and my eye sight has gotten horrible. It was decently bad before becoming Diabetic but it has gotten worse. 

Currently, in both my eyes, it is like words will appear ghostly above themselves. Like the are duplicated but the top ones are faint, and rest on top of the brighter word. I cannot read any letters past 2 1/2 yards away unless they are extremely huge. My left eye is worse than my right eye when it comes to this. They blurring makes words on screens have a... fuzzyness to them? Like my eyes are constantly trying to smoosh the words back together but the ghostly part is fighting to still appear above them.

I can feel that my right eye works very very hard to compensate for this, but I don't really know how to express it in person without going into a long drawn out explanation that I'm sure I'll mess up due to anxiety.
##########
25F need Help with episcleritis
25F Caucasian 
help needed with episcleritis condition (enduring for 3 months) no medications, drink every so often, no smoking or drugs, active and eat well 

Hi! I’ve been enduring episcleritis for about a little over 3 months now, there really hasn’t been a time where it has ‘gone away’ since. I initially thought I got something in my eye or was allergic to mascara. Then it seemed like it wouldn’t go away and started a bit of redness in the other eye as well. I went to the eye doctor and they asked if I had any underlying autoimmune diseases. I said no (at least none that I’m aware of). Im 25 and feel that I’m the healthiest I’ve ever been I stay active and eat well. After this appointment they prescribed me steroid drops which helped for about a week and then they stopped working and the redness came back worse. I called again and was advised to take 400 mg of ibuprofen twice a day which I tried to see if it worked but also didn’t help and I know that taking ibuprofen like that long term can also be detrimental and cause stomach/ kidney issues. I’ve tried so many remedies that I have seen on other posts like vitamin c, turmeric and fish oil and even colloidal silver but to no avail. I purchased lumify drops and wow! My eyes turned completely white and stayed like that for about 3-4 hours despite the 8 hour promise. I know that these drops just cover the problem so I don’t want to become dependent on them or use them too much. I also really really don’t want to take any drugs or steroids and want to go the natural route for this but really need some help! I do have some burning and soreness (pressure behind the eye) sometimes but nothing that is totally intolerable. Looking for any sort of advice because this is really taking a toll. Thank you
##########
53F: Ocular Melanoma vs Choroidal Hemangioma
hey, i hope this is the right page to ask this. 
backstory: my mom (53F) went for a routine eye exam after noticing that the glasses she’s had for 10+ years were no longer working that well, &amp; after a long day (working on the computer) she’s experiencing blurry vision, has to hold things close up, zoom in on things etc. this is in both eyes, and at the end of the first appt before seeing the retina specialist she did get a new prescription. 

now on to the main concern: she paid extra for the special photos and that’s when they noticed a shadow in her eye. well when looking in her eyes during the exam, they weren’t necessarily seeing the same thing/getting a clear visual, so the doctor herself went and took the pictures again. again , the same shadow was seen, sit back down and examine her eyes again, not getting a clear visual. she told my mom that she wasn’t entirely sure, but it looked like either fluid build up or melanoma &amp; asked if some other doctors could come in to get their opinions and see if she was missing something. 2 other doctors came in &amp; agreed that they could not give a definitive diagnosis &amp; decided to send her to a retina specialist.

the retina specialist did an ultrasound of her eye, and he said that he could not give a definitive diagnosis either. she has a choroidal mass (right eye), with RPE indicative of chronicity, no orange pigmentation, something was hollow (sorry im not a dr &amp; i don’t have the report, going off of memory), &amp; needing further evaluation.  either possibly an isolated choroidal hemangioma versus melanoma. 

I have a couple of questions. 
1. Everything that i’ve read indicates that the ultrasound should be able to give the definitive diagnosis of melanoma, so how could the two vastly different things (isolated choroidal hemangioma vs melanoma) be the two options? again based off of what i read, they present differently. 
2. 99.8% stories i’ve read the person experiences symptoms, yet she has none. both eyes were dealing with typical eye strain symptoms after working on the computer all day, no flashes/floaters, no double vision, etc. would this indicate that if God forbid she has ocular melanoma, that it was caught early? 
3. she tans easily, dark brown eyes, is under the typical age of diagnoses, is never out in the sun, never used a tanning bed, ALWAYS wears uv protective sunglasses during the day (even when the sun is not out), no known previous nevus, no family history of ocular cancers…how would she get this?  

She has been referred to Wills Eye Institute in Philly as apparently they have the best team of doctors there. She was too in shock to ask questions &amp; unfortunately i was not with her, so i hope that im able to get some answers and better understand this. Ocular cancer in general doesn’t scare us, but the damn chance of metastasis in relation to melanoma sure does. She’s young, she’s healthy, she did everything “right” in regard to eye and skin protection, and has a 3yr old grand baby &amp; another that’s on the way….we’re at a loss .
##########
2F Second opinion on pseudostrabismus diagnosis?
My daughter (2 years old next month) was diagnosed with pseudostrabismus when she was a year and a half old.
Since then, I feel her eyes are looking more misaligned. She also has cerebral palsy.
Should I seek a second opinion and how quickly should she be seen if so? Here's a recent pic of her:

Thanks!!!
##########
6 months debilitating eye pain with no relief
Hi,

I’m 35F with diagnosed RA, neuropathy, and hEDS. All are mostly well controlled with medications. 

For the past 6 months I’ve experienced daily, horrible eye pain in one eye. I began tracking it and on average experience a 4-6 level pain, twice/day for 5+ hours each. My vision gets bleary but pain is hyper localized to behind and top of my right eye. It feels like I could touch it if I could get inside my skull (no I have not tried!). I live in a pretty small town with limited medical resources but have seen optometry, neurology, and traveled 300 miles to neuro-ophthalmology. 

The best answer I’ve gotten is rentinal migraine. However it lasts longer than is typical of these migraines and does not respond to conventional migraine treatment. Visual field, MRI, and MRV were normal.  Not responsive to triptans or nurtec. It’s always in one eye never the other and never in my temples. I requested migraine tinted contacts, similar to FL 41 glasses, and owner of the clinic is not willing to place the order. 

Any ideas of what might come next? TIA!
##########
36M - can slightly displaced bandage lens cause double vision?
OK, perhaps it's quite logical it can, but I'm a bit afraid because one day after my phototerapeutic keratectomy I got really severe double (actually triple) vision and ghost images are on the same axis as they were before my surgery (I've got double vision - but the images were not so visible).  
  
Sure, if the PTK didn't helped for my problem displaced BLS can "only" enhance it...  
On the other hand I see it's quite big (covers the whole iris) so do small moves can be so impactful? 

Are there some "safe" tricks to move such lens and not to loose it?  
Sure, I won't do it in the next few days but maybe just before my next appointment... Gently rubbing the eye with closed eyelid? Something else?

BTW - is it normal that after PTK I feel NO pain? I know, it's not PRK/EBK etc. - no refractive error correction = no stroma ablation... but still I was warned it won't be pleasant.
##########
27M Blurry Vision With Glasses
I have been wearing glasses and contact lenses for many years. About a month ago, I woke up and my vision felt different, it seemed like it was a little blurry and I had difficulty focusing on the computer screen. As I work from home, I would usually wake up and put on my glasses and see perfectly even though the lenses haven't been updated in a while, only using contact lenses when I leave the house. Since that time it has been practically impossible to work with glasses because the quality of my vision does not allow it, it is always a little blurred, with difficulty in focusing, sometimes it improves but after blinking it returns to the same. 

The interesting part is that with contact lenses I can see perfectly. 

I already went to an ophthalmologist who explained this problem with a slight astigmatism in my eyes and prescribed me new lenses as well as some drops to put in my eyes twice a day. I went to get new glasses today and I don't see much improvement. 

Should I wait for my eyes to adapt to the new glasses or should I see another doctor? Has anyone come across a similar problem?
##########
43F Different Sized Pupils
I had my routine eye exam yesterday and my eyes were dilated using drops. 

I'm fairly certain my eyes were back to normal by last night.

Woke up this morning and the vision in my right eye was blurry. 

When I put in my contacts I noticed my left pupil was significantly larger than the right. 

Called my eye doctor and spoke to the receptionist. She said it should go back to normal by tonight. Google is freaking me out though. 

I find it weird that the blurry eye is small and I see fine out of the big one. 

Picture for reference 
##########
25M Can't See Distance With New Contacts
Hi all - 

I'm new to wearing soft contact lenses and having a really weird experience. I was given a +1.0 PWR Alcorn 30 contact to wear in my right eye. However, I can't see at distance in it at all. I got a replacement from the office thinking it was a defective lens, and I still can't see with the new one. 

My glasses prescription for my right eye is:

SPH: -1.0

CLY: +0.25

Axis: 30

  
I suspect that this was potentially human error because the SPH is opposite to the PWR of the contacts?
##########
30M how serious is this orbital fracture?


I 30M am abroad and entered a boxing match, I've been told I have a fracture, currently have slight double vision, and sharp pain when looking down. 

Because of language barrier I'm a little confused, how serious is this. Will I be able to go on my scuba diving holiday in 3 weeks, could the double vision be permanent? 

Thank you for your help
##########
31M - Multifocal IOL implanted in an eye with solar maculopathy
4 months ago, I had cataract surgery in my right eye, with a multifocal intraocular lens implantation to correct my sight. As the months went by and my vision was not improving as expected, I found out through a tomography that I had what seem to be a small solar maculopathy in this eye (as seen in the picture).

According to my doctor, it is unlikely that I will ever fully recover and be able to see as I could before. Although I have a hard time reading with this eye, I can still see pretty well overall (a lot better than I had myopia), and one eye seems to be compensating the other.

However, one of the things that have been bothering me since the surgery is that my eyes now also seem to be asymmetrical, with the operated one always looking a bit more tired.

Does anyone else have a similar experience or have encountered a similar case? Can the macular damage be causing my eyes to look different, or is it possible that other things are doing this, such as a post-surgical ptosis or dry eye?

I’m having a hard time dealing with all this, so any help would be greatly appreciated.

[Tomography](
##########
41F: Concerned about my eye and facial pain after seeing 2 doctors today
Hello, photo here of my eye: 

I went to urgent care today and the doctor said I have episcleritis in rt eye. She was very concerned with my symptoms of pain when looking to the right and pain in my temple and upper cheek, which suddenly came on last night and was very painful. She explained that she didn't have the tools to determine a better diagnosis. And explained she was concerned it could turn to sclera.

I started getting pain in my upper eyelid a few days ago. I've had slight irritation in my eye for 2 weeks. And pain in my temple, behind the eye, and upper cheek since last night,  very intense.

It does feel similar to radiating or referreeld TMJ pain in my upper face. I get migraines, but this is not that.  It feels kind of numb in my upper cheek, and temple. There is pain in my temple.

She told me I need to make an emergency appointment today and see a specialist.  She found one for me and got me in to see a doctor that has his own clinic. 

That Opthamologist today told me I had TED. He changed his opinion after I shared that another doctor in recent years at Froedert Eye Institute said I do not have TED (after a different Opthamologist diagnosed me with TED 2 years ago), but rather bumps under my eyelids from contacts. I've stopped wearing contacts 90% of the time since then, and my symptoms lessened. 

But in the past few weeks, the same symptoms have been recurring. So I thought I was having irritation from wearing contacts a few times. But today's doctor said there's no bumps and also there's no indication if an infection. His examine included dilation with manual exam with his tools.

Anyways, his final conclusion was that I have mycyosis (SIC) and added "from Covid" after telling him I had Covid 10 days ago. Sorry, I didn't get the spelling. He said to take ibuprofin to treat it. I'm in a lot of pain still. I'm concerned that this needs more attention. 

Do you have any thoughts on what is going on or recommendations on seeing another doctor. The urgent care doctor made me think it's very serious and she was worried about something worse going on.

I can't post an image for some reason. I appreciate your insight. Thank you.
##########
27 M After LASIK I have one blurry/dry eye
Hello everyone. I've got my lasik exactly 28 days ago. I had -2.75 on my left and -.3.50 on my right eye and two of them had 1.50 astigmatism. My doc said operation went really well. I used bandage contact lenses for 6 days and after I got them removed I had blurry vision for one day except the times I used artificial drops, they really made me clear for some minutes. Time passed, my vision gotten clearer. I can say my left eye see perfect now but my right eye still only sees "perfect" when I use artificial eye drop for some minutes( or as long as it stays watery/not dry, I feel like ). 

Is this normal? My doc is on his vacation right now, I'll get my eyes checked at the hospital but can not right now. 

I'm using efomeline eye drops twice a day. 
Thealoz Duo preservative free drops every 4 hours.
##########
25M Could anyone help me analyze my OCT and Optos Scans?
Here is my scans: \[OCT&amp;OPTOS\]( 




\*\* My story:\*\* 

\*\*My last prescription before surgery (1/3/2023):\*\* 

* Left eye (Dominant Eye): --  -2.5  170
* Right eye (Non-Dominant Eye): --  -2.75  10
* Pupillary Distance (PD): 61 

\*\*Current State:\*\* 

Now, four months after surgery, I feel like there's a weird separator between two fields in the left of my central vision. When I move my finger in front of it, it's like entering a new field, similar to time-travel movies. The finger gets stretched in or out and appears crooked depending on the place. Below my central vision, objects seem really stretched out and much larger. 

\*\*Initial Symptoms and Misdiagnosis:\*\* 

On 1/1/2024, I noticed that horizontal lines appeared crooked in the left of my central vision, and my central vision was a bit blurry. Concerned about keratoconus due to my high degree of astigmatism, I visited an ophthalmologist. She dilated my right eye (the non-dominant eye) and said there was nothing wrong, attributing the issue to my old glasses. Despite my insistence that the problem persisted, she suggested dryness and inflammation were to blame and prescribed antibiotic and moisturizing drops. She also recommended new glasses, assuring me everything would be fine. 

\*\*Worsening Symptoms:\*\* 

Over time, I saw no improvement. By 20/3/2024, the blurriness worsened, prompting me to seek a second opinion. I booked an appointment with a well-known ophthalmologist on 25/3/2024. In the days leading up to the appointment, I frequently covered my good eye to check for changes, but the blurriness and crooked lines remained. 

\*\*Diagnosis and Surgery:\*\* 

On 25/3/2024, the new ophthalmologist discovered a retinal detachment with a macular hole in my right eye. I was shocked and scared, especially after seeing a curtain covering almost two-thirds of my vision from the left. The doctor emphasized the urgency of surgery to preserve what vision was left, estimating post-surgery vision in that eye would be no more than 30%. 

Upon researching retinal detachment, I realized the importance of immediate action. I scheduled surgery for the earliest possible date, 27/3/2024. The surgery, a scleral buckle procedure, was successful, and the doctor later informed me that my vision might recover to more than 70% since the macula wasn't detached. 

\*\*Recovery:\*\* 

A week after surgery, my follow-up showed the macular hole was closing and healing well. Eight weeks later, on 3/6/2024, the doctor confirmed that my retina and optic nerve were healthy, and new glasses were expected by December. I mentioned the metamorphopsia I was experiencing, and he explained it was due to cells forming to the left of the fovea (causing objects below my central vision to appear larger) and a demarcation line (causing vertical lines to appear crooked like a zigzag). This explanation made sense to me.
##########
19F Genuinely worried about the way I see colours
So like... I was looking at an orange object, right? but like.... when I moved further away my eyes genuinely couldn't tell if the object I was looking at is orange or purple. What the fuck does this mean? I've literally never heard of an issue like this before and I'm scared. Duration of issue: unknown

I do not use recreational drugs and I'm not on medication
##########
20M, suspected infection in left eyelid (inside) after wearing contaminated contact lens
Hello r/eyetriage, I had my glasses swapped out a day ago and wore contact lenses for a day, as I hadn’t inserted contact lenses in a while, I dropped them a few times and they most likely got contaminated, in any normal situation, I would’ve never put the contacts into my eyes, but I had a very important job interview, and couldn’t risk being half blind, in total, I wore the contacts for about 5 hours. After putting my new glasses on, I had a throbbing headache as the contact lenses were a totally different strength than my new glasses. I also noticed throughout the day that my left eyelid was starting to mildly burn. Now a day later, the pain isn’t too bad unless I put pressure on the spot but I occasionally start tearing up with a mild burning sensation. Please lay it on me, do I just need eye drops to soothe my eyes or should I consult a ophthalmologist? Kind Regards!
##########
44M New contact user and focus issues
I have been wearing my contacts now for about 5 days, slowly ramping up the time I keep them in. I am having a problem and wnat to know if this is normal or if I should be doing something different. I have wore glasses for almost 40 years and recently decided to try contacts. I find I am having a hard time getting them to focus when I change the distance. example if I am reading something 2 feet away then I try to look at something across the room I have to blink several times for it come in to focus. And anything farther then maybe 50-100 yards is not clear and like I cant read signs while driving until I an within that range. I have a follow up on Saturday with my Optometrist to address issues. I am using rewetting drops about every 90-120 minutes during the day and this helps get thing to focus a little quicker but since I am new maybe the delay of focus is normal.
##########
20M. Static / screen imprinted vision. Need Advice.
I am 20M, 5'9 150lb, white. My issue is static vision. I've had it noticeably for about 4 years, but it is getting much worse and more noticeable now. Existing medical issues are high estrogen and Gilberts syndrome. I don't take any medications. I do not drink, smoke, or use recreational drugs.

**PRIMARY ISSUE:**

It's hard for me to describe exactly what I see, but I am going to try my best...

I feel like I have a layer of static in my vision, but not dots, its more like the screen imprints on a tv when you leave the same image on a screen for a long time and parts of the image get imprinted on the screen. Or another example would be like when you are outside for a long time and you come back inside and your vision seems to have a staticy-color indifference when you look. Or maybe when you have a bright light shined at your eye, when you look around after that, you sometimes have an area in you vision when you look around that has a light / color imprint momentarily.

I have to use computers for a long periods of time everyday, so it is definitely from that.

I am curious if this is a permanent condition? Does it get worse slowly? Does it ever go away at least a little bit if you take a long break away from screens? Any other knowledge you guys can spill?
##########
17F inflamed chalazion popped
I’ve been dealing with chalazions for over a year. On the left eye it has changed sizes and gotten inflamed but that has gone down and now the chalazion is relatively smaller. On the right eye, the chalazion has never been so big but just about a month ago it got bigger and even became swollen and painful. Ive been putting hot compress on both eyes. I’ve gone to an ophthalmologist 2 times and the Dr prescribed the left eye with some eyedrops and antibiotics. For the right eye, prescribed me steroid eye ointment (I didn’t get it because I was warned about the possible glucoma) for the inflammation and did not say it was infected. Today, my right eye was in pain so I put some ice, there was a thin layer of skin and I peeled it off and it started bleeding. I’ve squeezed it (rather rough) and lots of yellow and red pus came out. I was given the option to get it drained at the clinic before but was hesitant due to the cost. What should I do now? Do I use the steroid ointment or do I spend money for the draining at a clinic? If I go to the ER will they be able to do it?
##########
45M had laser yesterday, did your dr send you home with any documentation?
As the subject says, I had laser photocoagulation yesterday for lattice and strophic holes, and I’m surprised the doctor didn’t send me home with any next steps to take or things to look out for.  Just said you can take some Tylenol if you have a headache.  No restrictions were given, although when I asked when I can work out they said give it 3 to 4 days.

Just curious if this is typical not to provide any formal documentation?  Eg if you see floaters or anything call our office right away
##########
24M ICL Complications, Contact Lenses to decrease pupil size
Hello! I've had ICL surgery a bit over 2 months ago. Unfortunately in dim environments, when my pupils become larger, I have a wide variety of light-effects that impact my quality of life, especially ghosting.

Are there any contact lenses that block the outer part of my pupil to mitigate this effect?

I've seen that there are some contact lenses that are colored and thus give the impression of a smaller pupil, but those are cosmetic ones from South Korea.

Is there anything else I could do, besides getting the ICLs removed again?
##########
45F What is the difference between double vision and ghosting vision?
When I look to either side I have "double vision" This is a symptom of my Occular Sarcoidosis. I was explaining this to an opthamologist and he went on a real rant and told me off saying that it's important I know the difference and I don't have double vision I have ghosting. If I look sideways at a cup, I see two cups. So now I'm confused.
##########
35M; Question about Steroid Response and recent SLT
I was diagnosed with pigmentary glaucoma 7 years ago in my left eye an ocular hypertension in my right eye. Shortly after diagnosis, I was prescribed Pred Forte for uveitis in my left eye with an IOP of 37 in my left eye and 18 in the non-uveitis eye. During treatment, the inflammation was cured within several days, but my eye pressures in both eyes went up to 34, so the Ophthalmologist diagnosed me as a steroid responder. I have been very diligent in avoiding steroids since then, but I recently moved and started going to a Glaucoma Specialist who performed and SLT and prescribed me Prednisolone Acetate 1% to take 4 times per day. I voiced my concerns to the doctor about taking the steroid drops again, but he reassured me that it was fine, despite my past occurrences. I guess I'm really just looking to hear others' thoughts on this situation.
##########
33M; Deep Red Eye in One eye for 3 months (only when sleeping)
I'm getting a deep red eye in my left eye when I wake up. It will slightly get better throughout the day when I'm awake, to the point where my eye looks 60% white, but it will return again anytime my eye lids are closed for a prolonged period of time. My left eye vision feels cloudy when I wake up, and is slightly cloudy/dry throughout the day. My left eye at the bottom outside corner is the most red. My left eye does feel more swollen, and has more puss coming out of it than my right eye.

I do not have any body or urination pains.

I've seen my primary care physician and 2 eye doctors, and they all said it was fine and I would be healthy again, but it's been 3 months since it's started and I've seen 0 improvement. I've been prescribed 2 eye antibiotics, as they initially thought it was basic pink eye, and Lastacraft (eye allergy drops), and still no improvement. The doctors say there is no physical damage in the eye either.

I've been traveling, and have slept in 10+ beds in the 3 months, so I think I can rule out individual bed allergies and such. I was at home to start the beginning of the 3 months, and now home again, and still have the same issue.

Does anyone have experience with this or know how to fix it? I'm frustrated that I've seen so many medical professionals and no one can help me with this.
##########
30F Clear blisters/cysts in inner eyelid
Hello everyone! 

I have noticed these clear bumps or blisters in my very inner eyelid. Doesn’t match anything I’ve looked at in google. Don’t think it’s a stye or meibomian gland due to the location. 




It doesn’t bother me but I feel like they shouldn’t be there! I don’t know how long they been there but the photos are at least 2 weeks old 

Medications include birth control and adhd meds only. No major ailments. Overweight but otherwise fit and well.
##########
26M Keratoconus or Dry Eye?
Hello all,

For a few months, I've been seeing thick streaks/beams of light coming down from light sources.

I've been diagnosed with MILD dry eye, and MILD keratoconus. Neither doctor has heard of my issue, so it would be moreso trial-and-error. But it'd be nice to fix the culprit of this issue first, and fix the other when I have the funds! 

  
Thank you!
##########
37M; Question about Benzalkonium Chloride
(Not spamming, the bot told me to rewrite the post because I forgot to add age and gender.)

I've recently read that Benzalkonium Chloride is not advised as a preservative in eye drops anymore because of the possibility of eye damage in prolonged use. I assume eye drops will be produced according to regulations, so my question is not about those.

What about cleaning wipes that have a higher concentration of Benzalkonium Chloride than eyedrops do? Can you get eye exposure of this chemical from a surface cleaned with it and would it matter? I'm talking about a dry surface that was just earlier cleaned with a benzalkonium chloride wipe or something similar? I have been cleaning my PC equipment with these kind of wipes since the pandemic almost daily (just a quick rinse, nothing over the top) because I'm a germaphobe. (I'm in therapy for it, no worries. It's better than it used to be). Could this ever cause eye problems?
##########
60F. Sudden strong decrease in vision  and new keratoconus diagnosis in left eye.
This post is on behalf of my mother, who isn't a reddit user, with her consent, as we'd like some help understanding what is happening.

White, smoker (40+ years).
Medication: AERIUS® (5 mg desloratadine) when needed.
Allergies: cats (consistent exposure 15 years), pollen.
Additional: "chronic" eye rubber 15+ years (we just FINALLY got her to stop)


Start of issue: just over a month ago, following some allergy related eye inflammation noticed significant decrease in vision. Immediately went for a check up.

Previous eye check up: 2018, right eye 10/10 naturally, left eye 6/10 (+2.50 -130 115). Possible ambliopy in left eye. 

Current: June 2024, right eye 6/10 (-0.50 -1.25 75), left eye 1/10 (-5.75 cil 110° 2.5/10 with stenopeic slit). Early cataract in both eyes. Right eye mild keratoconus, left eye advanced keratoconus. Retinas look good. Eye pressure looks good.

Further exams: oct, corneal topography, pentacam, visual field exam. All linked: 

(apologies as they aren't all in English. OD right eye , OS left eye)

Told to wait 6 months and repeat exams to see if keratoconus is stable or evolving before proceeding with cataract surgery/ further treatment.

Now, as for what I am asking. I would like to hear your expert opinion on the situation and how to proceed.
I posted about this recently, before all the extra exams and was told it was impossible for her to be diagnosed with keratoconus so late in life without anyone previously realising.

Is this keratoconus/ some other corneal issue presenting similarly ? Does it make a difference in treatment ?

Is this due to the eye rubbing and could it have gotten worse this suddenly?

How much of the vision loss could be attributed to the early cataract ? Therefore how much of this is "fixable".

We were told the keratoconus affects calculations for cataract surgery so we need to first know that it is stable but that we could be able ti proceed if it is. 

Am I correct in understanding that there is no improving the vision loss that is due to the keratoconus ? I assume best that can be done is crosslinking if needed (probably left eye has gone too far).

Thank you in advance,I know this is a huge post, but we would love to read your opinions and thoughts on the situation. I remain available to answer further questions to the best of my abilities.
##########
34m eye pressure behind left eye for 72 hours
34

Male

5'9

154

White

History of gastritis, hashimotos, cerebral arachnoid cyst, a pressure  headache that lasted two months 


I have had pressure pain behind my left eye for 3 days. The pain started Saturday night after a day of working in the yard. The pain was a persistent stabbing pain behind my left eye. I took an ibuprofen and tried to sleep it off. When I woke up I still had the headache. I took a Sudafed which seemed to stop the  headache until it returned Monday morning. I still have the pain today, although it is much more intermentent and mild. My left eye also appears to be slightly more bloodshot and is tearing every so often.

Earlier this year I had a brain MRA, MRI, and MRV. Additionally, I had an EEG and EMG which returned nothing. Only thing found was an arachnoid cyst on left pareiatal lobe. Saw two neurologists and neurosurgeons who said nothing to worry about. 

Also had eye pressure tested and oct and field of vision earlier this year. No issues found

I wear contacts and have had dry eyes often. 

The eye pain seems to be worse when coughing or changing positions. Pain is currently 2/10

Any thoughts? I'm currently on vacation and anxiety is through the roof!
##########
39F Script and astigmatism question
Glasses script

OD -2.00 Cyl 0.75 Ax 175

OS -2.00 Cyl 0.75 Ax 005

Contact lenses I trialed astigmatism lenses on -2.00 and also non astigmatism lenses on -2.25. 

With contact lenses my right eye vision is crisp and my left eye blurry. The optometrist told me it's because of astigmatism. I was wondering how that worked considering both eyes have the same script and the astigmatism axis varies by 005 (my understanding is on a 180 axis) shouldn't my vision be similar in both then? Could my script be wrong or am I misunderstanding something?

Thanks for any help
##########
41 M My eye has been like this for 5 days is it just irritated or should i be concerned?
i got OTC eye drops yesterday and it doesn’t help the redness at all. it’s a little tender when i rub my eye, but other than that, it doesn’t itch, it doesn’t burn, it isn’t watery, it’s not affecting my vision, and it’s only on the inside half of my right eye. 


##########
19F, cornea erosion, ortho-k lens user
(posted this in the orthok subreddit as well)

i overwore my ortho-k lenses and have frequently worn them while being awake. i now have a cornea erosion in my left eye (there's a white dot) and it's sensitive to light.

i went to the doctor last week and was prescribed 0.5% cravit levofloxacin 3x a day, along with systane eye drops. i used them for a week to no results, so i returned to my doctor again. this time, i was told to increase the frequency of the eyedrops (cravit every hour, systane every 3 hours) and was given 1% cendo fenicol to wear 3x a day.

i just need opinions on how my eye looks, does it look severe/bad? can cornea erosions that look like my current condition heal, and how long does it usually take?

  
[
##########
33F Trichiasis
Hi everyone. 

I hope this is okay to post here, 

Basically I have had Trichiasis for I would say about 6 years now. I have had no help from the NHS. The pain in my eye got so bad initially that I went to the optician as an emergency and they pulled out the offending lashes. 

Anyway the problem has never gone away, and even still to this day I frequently pluck out eyelashes as they continuously grow back in the same way. 

Anyway I’ve come to the point now where I literally have no eyelashes what so ever on the outer third of that eye. I still have to pluck them when they grow back because they’re they scratch my eye. This has been the case for some time now and they are only growing back in certain places, the rest of it seems that they just aren’t growing back anymore. 

Anyway, I guess my question is, is it possible I’ve damaged the follicle in my lashes so much that they will now never grow back? 

I’m quite self conscious about it.
##########
20F - Binocular double vision infrequently
Hi everyone,

I randomly got binocular double vision (diagonal) near the end of May. I was just on my phone in bed, and when I got up my vision went double. It went away after about 2 minutes. I ignored it and assumed it was because I was on Accutane. Just yesterday it happened again while I was on the computer, I just closed one eye to get some normal vision, and it went away again in about 2 minutes. This time I started looking up why might be causing it.

I am unsure about if this is severe enough to go to a doctor or not, as my parents say that I should just wait and see if it happens a third time, especially since it goes away in a pretty short time.

Extra info-I only took the 20mg Accutane twice, stopping immediately after the first time I got double vision-I am currently on birth control (Desogestrel / Ethinyl estradiol)-I wear glasses, unsure of the exact prescription but it is not that strong, and I am nearsighted-I sometimes get headaches that seem to only be on the right side of my head, but it goes away if I get enough sleep

Thanks for any help!
##########
36M What was your vision right after PTK (phototherapeutic keratectomy) procedure?
I'm finally going to have PTK surgery and I would like to ask you (since it's hard to find any info on the internet) what was your visual acuity immediately after the procedure? I know the image can be a bit blurry, but that's a pretty enigmatic statement, so if anyone has undergone PTK maybe you can describe how bad your vision was after the procedure? Or maybe there was no difference or you could even see better - after all, it's just epithelial removal. :)

I ask this because I have to return my home by train (about 150 km) and i'm one-eyed person, so don't know what to expect. :)
##########
25 F - eye is going crazy
Randomly last week my right eye started doing weird stuff. It was dry, itchy, felt pressure, and pupil more dilated than the other. Been going on for a week. So I finally went to the urgent care yesterday, who said to just make an appointment with the eye doctor, because my eye was responding well to light, blood pressure was good. just weird because I’ve never had issues with my eyes before- and I’m freaking myself out. -oh and my eye only looks noticeable bigger but still only slight in dim light. What is this! I need some answers / advice because I’m waiting to get into eye doctor.
##########
38M binocular double vision for certain bright objects or close objects
Usually I don’t notice any double vison especially if I look at far distance. But I recently noticed that under certain condition I can “trigger” double vision or fusion failure.

Double vision example: 

If I stare at the lamp in a dark room, or a relatively small but much brighter object (much brighter from its background), I begin to see not a single image, but also the view of this bright object from the other, non dominant eye, as I illuminated in the picture.

If I look away and look at other non-bright objects the double vision kinda disappears.

This also happens if I stare at very close objects (with my glasses), for example if I try to read the cellphone too close.

Any ideas?

Thanks!
##########
25M, unusual experience
A few weeks ago, I was sitting at my home at nighttime. When I suddenly notices that I was seeing perfect black circles in light sources or shiny stuff like door knobs. It freaked me out. The black spots were like black holes where it seemed as if there is nothing in that area of the object or light source.
Whenever I looked at stuff that wasn't shiny or a light source, my vision was completely normal. Even I looked at my phone screen and everything was good. 
But when it came to stuff like door knobs, if there are like 5 knobs, I was seeing the black circle in all the 5 knobs simultaneously but looking at everything that wasn't shiny was normal.

So I just went to sleep and next morning everything was fine.
I dont know what it was but i was so scared.
Did anyone else experience anything similar?
##########
18M little flash speck
no drugs, no smoking, no drinking, this has been going on for a couple months. i looked up eye flashes, but none of the examples look like what im seeing. sometimes i see a tiny little speck that flashes in my vision, just like a little pixel. its more noticable in dark rooms, but it can happen in well lit areas too. it doesn't necessarily have a colour, it's just a light, i only see it for a second and it disappears. it doesn't give off light around it, but it is much brighter than the environment (especially in dark areas). it doesn't happen often, a couple times a week maybe. it's like when you're watching TV and there's just one pixel that's white or something. there's never groups of little specks, it's always just one. no headaches, pain, caffeine, etc.
##########
27F Anterior Uveitis - new pain no correlation to trace amount
Without going too much, the pain I am feeling in my eyes do not match the typical symptom of uveitis. Extreme photophobia despite the inflammation being so minimal that the doctors were confused on why I can have that pain. Possible neuropathy issues. 

I told them I never feel that pain (photophobia) unless I have some sort of flare of inflammation. Any other pain is most likely dry eye pain.

So they put me on a new medication to treat those minimal trace cells.

I guess my questions are: 

could it be that my nerves in my eyes are over sensitive that any inflammation, regardless of how much, could cause it to be in extreme pain? 

If the pain goes away on this new medication, is this indicative of my pain was caused to the inflammation alone and not my nerves? 

Or could these two components (nerves and inflammation) be related… that because of my nerve pain, no matter if the inflammation caused the pain, the pain will be there as long as the information is there. 

I’m just trying to wrap my head around it… it makes no sense to me because my photophobia only ever happened with uveitis flares, never isolated.

Any opinion given on this limited info would be great!
##########
29 F suspected of strabismus
I, 29F had my ICL surgery during first 2 weeks of June. My surgeon checked me for strabismus with optho-neurologist. She certified after thorough checking that I dont have strabismus. The ICL surgery implantation went well. I had -7 Sph, -0.75 Cyl in both eyes and Spherical power was corrected. Cylindrical power was not corrected because surgeon it was miniscule it was only in 1 axis at 180 deg

The problem now is after removal of specs I feel like I have strabismus in left eyes. I have droopy eyelids with very small eyes and it is more pronounced in left eyes. I am confused whether strabismus is there or shape of eyes and eyelids are contributing to it. I have no vision issues. Attaching a pic. 
##########
22F Major Left Eye discomfort
Hello. So historically I have had terrible vision, being very far-sighted with astigmatism. A year and a half ago my left eyelid began to twitch on and off very often and very persistently. I wrote it off as stress since i get twitches occasionally all over but it still happens and has begun to be more often, it feels like. I wake up with it twitching and the bottom lid too sometimes, which will taper off but come and go. I started worrying it was a tumor- either ocular or brain, since i get the occasional twitch on other parts of that side of my body + occasional headaches. I got drops yesterday and magnesium from the pharmacist, but now I cannot stop thinking about it. I have a freckle in the sclera of that eye which i was just told to watch a few years ago, but it hasn’t changed. I have a grey spot but the image in the faq matches it exactly. The eye just feels very strange also, as though I have a decrease in vision, but i don’t at all. It just feels weaker despite it functioning perfectly.
The kicker is I have intercranial idiopathic hypertension (aka pseudotumor cerebrii), &amp; though the spinal tap + meds took care of that handily a few years ago, i haven’t seen my neuro-opthamologist in 4 years so I’m also worried it might be that. I’m more worried about cancer though. 
Basically are those twitches a massive red flag?
##########
25M White "bubbles" in upper field of view
For the past month or two I have been getting white bubble flashes in my very nearsighted left eye. I rarely notice them when I'm not in the dark, but I would guess I experience one every couple hours. It's sort of like watching a bubble in a screen protector get flattened out, except with a white light. They fade within a second. Is this a sign of retinal detachment or something more benign? I already have an eye exam scheduled for a couple weeks from now but I'd like to ease my anxiety or know what to expect in the meantime. I am white and use marijuana a few times a month. Can provide more details or pictures if necessary.
##########
28F Similar  Experience
Has anyone been told by their eye doctor/ ophthalmologist that their optical nerves are crowded? I was almost hurried out of the office before I could ask questions. I've looked and looked online and all I can find is swollen optical nerves. He said he saw no swelling.
Anyone have a similar experience?
##########
23F Latina - How Likely is it for a Retina Specialist to Miss a Tear or Detachment?
Hello everyone 

I've been struggling with pain in my left eye for months (yes, I know that tears/detachments usually don't cause pain), but I've also been experiencing unusual vision in that eye. How obvious are the symptoms of a retinal tear or detachment? Every doctor I've seen says they would be obvious, but I'm not so sure.

To summarize, I've consulted four specialists: two glaucoma specialists and two retina specialists. This all started in April when I began feeling pain and a sense of inflammation in my left eye. Finding an eye specialist was a challenge (I have Emblem Health insurance and live in a smaller city in NY). The first ophthalmologist I saw said everything was fine and found nothing wrong.

While traveling in Colombia, the pain worsened, so I saw an ophthalmologist there. A glaucoma specialist initially saw me, and after a series of tests (retina and macula tomography, retinal photos, visual field, and pachymetry), she said I didn't have glaucoma but recommended seeing a retina specialist. Just before returning to the US, I managed to see a retina specialist in Colombia who diagnosed me with a vitreous detachment after examining my eyes with a light.

Back in the US, I informed my local ophthalmologist of the diagnosis from Colombia, and she referred me to a retina specialist here. A few months later (a few weeks ago), the retina specialist took retinal photos (which apparently see 80% of the retina), examined my eye with a light, and said everything looked fine—no detachment or tears. She even said I could ride roller coasters if I wanted to (I have -7 myopia in both eyes, and the doctors in Colombia mentioned my retina is thin).

So, I'm confused because the US specialist contradicts the Colombian specialist. The Colombian specialist said I had a vitreous detachment, but the US specialist found nothing.

I'm struggling to understand if I'm capable of identifying the symptoms of a detachment or tear. Doctors always mention flashes of light being like someone taking a photo with a flash, but what if it's subtler? Sometimes, my left eye's periphery feels off. Doctors say a curtain effect would be obvious, but what if it's not? What if the blurry, less bright area in the upper periphery of my left eye is the "curtain"?

I'm frustrated and scared. A week ago, I saw flashes in that eye that were so startling I thought they were external, but my anxiety led me to call the specialist. The glaucoma specialist saw me that day (the retina specialist wasn't available) and found nothing again (they took more retinal photos and examined with a light).

So, I don't know what to believe. None of the doctors have seen any tears or detachments, but my vision in that eye is still off, and it hurts (I also have daily headaches). The neurologist suggested migraines, but what if it's something else? Or what if I have migraines and an eye issue?

Should I seek another specialist? It's incredibly difficult with my insurance, but I'm desperate.

In summary, my questions are:
1. How subtle can the symptoms of a retinal tear or detachment be?
2. What do the flashes of light look like? Are they obvious or more subtle?
3. How does the "curtain" effect appear? Is it completely black or more like a subtle gray blur in the periphery?
4. How likely is it for multiple specialists to miss a tear or detachment?

Any advice or similar experiences would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.

For additional context: I don't drink, smoke, or use recreational drugs. My primary complaints are eye pain, headache, and unusual vision in my left eye. This has been ongoing since April.

Update: I forgot to say I have floaters in both eyes. (Just 1 in the right one and many in the left one)
##########
21M Eye flashes with eye movement in bright environments
[21M] Few weeks ago, I had a very bright lightning-like flashes on the bottom right corner of my eye few times in few days. They looked like this.  

This happened few times in couple days and they stayed in my vision for few minutes every time it has happened. And since than, at the same spot of my vision I have been keep seeing flashes whenever I move my eyes or shaking my head looking like this. 

They are so noticeable while:

1- Room with white walls, like shower
2- When looking at a screen like phone or computer in dim light or dark.

And I don't see it at darkness or outside at all.

I've been to an opthalmologist last week and he dilated my eyes. He said there is lattice degeneration in my right eye, but that this couldn't be the reason of these flashes. Do you this might has anything to do with nerve or brain damage? This has been affecting my life so much in the last few weeks and driving me crazy.
##########
27M Does it make sense for an ophthalmologist not to mention scleral thinning until the patient brings it up?
The ophthalmologist checked my eyes and said they see no damage or anything (in the context of my recurring scleritis on and off mostly whenever I get sick) other than very slightly dry eyes.

I said “okay great! Just one question: why is it that the outer corner of my right eye (exact location of the scleritis in the affected eye) has basically turned blue? Normal?”

And their reaction was basically “yeah well you’ve got some scleral thinning actually that I saw.” 

Cut to me being like “so we just ignore that and carry on?” 

And them being like “welllllll it depends. Actually you know what I’ll refer you to this other guy, he’s a cornea/anterior segment specialist.”


Is this interaction normal? It truly felt like my ophthalmologist was going to wish me a good day after saying they don’t see an issue with my eyes if I hadn’t brought up the blue hue myself. But then when I did they admitted they indeed had seen scleral thinning and then referred me to someone else.

Moreover, I’m truly frustrated because my optometrist who’s usually a very competent person assured me nearly a year ago that the blue hue in my eye was not scleral thinning and unrelated to my scleritis and basically laughed at me suggesting it might not be great…and yet now a year later the ophthalmologist is confirming that it is.

The referral slip says “27 yo M Recurrent ant scleritis OD &amp; some signs of scleral thinning. Please assess.”


Update August 20 2024: 

Anterior segment specialist saw me today. Looked at my eye with slit lamp. Said they see nothing. They brushed off the scleral thinning and said they would call it “scleral remodelling” instead. I asked why the outer corner of my right eye (exact same eye and location of the redness during the first case of scleritis) is blue now when it wasn’t before. He shrugged. I asked for some form of scan or imaging of the back of my eye to make sure nothing is going on that can’t be seen at the front since my recurrent bouts of pain and sensitivity are no longer accompanied by redness that’s visible like at first (perhaps something is happening in the posterior segment). He said he “needs a reason” to warrant a scan. Very confusing since to my knowledge he can’t know what’s going on at the back with a slit lamp.

I’m extremely frustrated. He also somewhat made it sound like I was to blame for having been passed around by so many ophthalmologists. Nope. They did that. I never even got to see a uveitis specialist, which is the specialist I was told I would have to see from the very beginning.

I swear I will move heaven and earth to seek retribution if their idleness results in permanent damage to my eye.
##########
31M | Understanding Dry Eye Results
Hi All,
A bit confused after reviewing some of the notes from my eye doctor regarding a recent dry eye exam. I’ll be asking him the same next week when we meet again.

In reviewing my eyes he saw no corneal involvement (corneal staining). He also did a test with lissamine green which turned out normal. What he did see when using a camera to take my NIBUT was a break up time of nearly 1-2 seconds in each eye. 

He mentioned my glands were producing quality oil just not enough. 

To me, I’d think a 1-2 second NIBUT would have lots of corneal staining and dead cells on the conjunctiva. But perhaps not?

I also had a negative inflammadry test, but he still said inflammation could be choking off my glands and recommended IPL.
##########
20M, concerned about eysuvis risks
I went to a doctor for possible dry eye that's been going on for a few months (eyes strained all the time, lots of blood vessels, light sensitivity + headaches), and they told me my eyes looked fine but were possibly a little inflamed, and prescribed me eysuvis for 2 weeks. I read online later that corticosteroids like eysuvis thin your cornea and increase ocular pressure, and I'm concerned about using it now. I already applied 1 dose so far, and I just wanted to know 

  
a) how likely corneal thinning is  
b) how likely i would be able to fully recover from whatever side effects the steroid induces

c) if the one drop i already put will damage my eyes already

I'm not able to call the office for a while and ask about these concerns, and I've been struggling to parse through results online, so I just wanted to know if there's a consensus on any of these things or if more context is needed.
##########
31F | Did your double vision/ghosting improve immediately after getting glasses for the first time
Three years ago I experienced rhetina inflammation and was diagnosed with rare White Dot syndrome. The inflammation improved after getting treatment and my eyesight improved but it was nowhere near as before.

Since then I had no eye problems until 2-3 months ago when I experienced offset of floaters and went to the doctor. They said I have no inflammation and explained that floaters are common and normal and there's nothing wrong with me. A month ago I started experiencing ghosting/double vision especially outside and with signs. For example if I see outside sign that says National bank, I see it once again under just blurry. I called my doctor and he suggested I see regular ophthalmologist and check if I need glasses. So I went there and they told me I have prescription +1.25 and 0.5 and cilinder -0.5 and -0.25 and my double vision is probably due to asigmatism.

I got my new glasses few days ago and while they help me see better and everything is bigger, I noticed immediately that my double vision is even worse compared to without glasses. Then they assured me that my eyes need few weeks to adjust. But I'm not convinced about it. Does anyone have similar experience? I'm afraid that I might have some other problem and asigmatism is not the cause of the double vision.
##########
42F - Something weird going on with my eyelids / upper eyelash line
Hello all,

42F - current medications are Duloxetine 60mg and Cerazette mini pill. 

Duration of below issue: 2 weeks

This is the first time this has ever happened. Not quite sure what's going on? My eyelids are a little  swollen and my upper eyelash lines look bumpy and raised. I've also lost some eyelashes on the eye that's worse.

I've thrown away all the mascaras I was using and opened a fresh new one, washed my make up brushes etc. After doing some reading, I've bought some eye cleansing wipes with tea tree oil and an eye cleansing gel (just started using these today).

There are no flakes that I can see with the naked eye...

Might be worth mentioning my eyes water A LOT when laying down (literal tears) and I have a sensitivity to bright lights.


Ps. Forgive my scary eye pics 


##########
17M Choroidal Rupture
Will my vision ever be the same after this ?

Will there ever be a treatment for a rupture ?

Currently cant read, seeing normally straight lines wavy and lights act wierd.

This happened 2 weeks ago, i hope in a few months its going to be a bit better at least. 

If anyone is wondering i had a rubber tipped arrow hit me in my right eye.
##########
22F possible glaucoma
I’ve been getting regular 3 month check ups with a optomatist due to high eye pressure and thinning of my nerves. 

At first my pressure measured at 22/18, then 3 months later 22/21 then most recently 27/21
My nerves are also thinning (showing red on OCT) on the eye that has the higher eye pressure. 

My optometrist says I can see a specialist “if I want too”. 

Do you think I should take this further? Has anyone been in the same position?

Thank you for the help!
##########
23F Optic nerve thin
I’m 23F and my ophthalmologist said my optic nerve looked thin compared to others in my age range. She said it could be a number of eye conditions but I need to go back in 3 months and repeat a bunch of tests. Does anyone know what this could be or what they are looking for?
##########
34F eye strain one eye or something worse?
Pretty sure I have BVD, I go see the specialist on the 9th as I have a tone of symptoms. I've been doing pencil push ups the last couple days and since then, my weak eye (the one that wanders off slightly) feels slightly irritated, dry, sore, maybe even "itchy". It's not red though. Kind of feels a little scratchy too. 

Safe to think this is most likely related to the eye exercises? Or should I call the doctor tomorrow? 

Picture of my sad attempt at crossing my eyes doing a pencil push up because my left eye fully wandered off [
##########
55F Should I get a 2nd opinion?
I just had my first eye exam. I didn't wear glasses growing up, but throughout my 40s my eyesight started deteriorating and I started using readers that I bought at the pharmacy, as close up things got blurrier and blurrier. Over the years the blurriness got farther and farther away and I kept getting stronger and stronger readers. By the time I hit the opthamologist office last week, I'm regularly carry two readers and switch them out frequently, wearing a 2.5 for my phone and computer and a 1.25 for driving and walking. Sometimes I use a 2.75 for super up close things like sewing.

I went into the appointment knowing that my right eye was much worse than my left eye and that I am highly left eye dominant even though I'm right handed.

The ophthalmologist worked pretty hard to find the right prescription for my right eye, but ultimately he was not able to correct it to 20/20 and could only get it to 20/30. He said that I probably had vision problems in that eye since birth and that my left eye has compensated for my whole life to the point where the right eye is not correctable to 20/20. 

I vaguely remember a doctor telling my mom about my "lazy" eye as a young child but my childhood being what it was, we didn't really do doctors, and since I could see okay (even if only out of the left eye) nothing was done about it. My eye isn't lazy in the sense that they don't move together. They move together just fine, the ophthalmologist last week said the one eye is "lazy" because it won't focus. 

My friend is pretty adamant that this is BS and that I need to get a second opinion. My friend says all eyes are correctable to 20/20. She's brought it up multiple times. I felt confident with the ophthalmologist but I've never had an eye exam and not familiar with the industry. So I'm wondering, should I get a second opinion?
##########
33F being awakened suddenly with what feels like painful object in left eye
Around 2-3 am, I start getting woken up by a sudden painful feeling in my left eye. I get up, flush with water and use clear eyes. Most of the time I'm awoken a few hours later with the same thing. After reading this sub, I'm going to try artificial tears. I can't see anything myself, but I also don't have a way to see an eye doctor at the moment. Does anyone have any similar situations or other advice please?
##########
28f with possible Pinguecula
In the middle of the day yesterday I got this bruise like feeling in my eye that caused a slight headache. Nothing happened, no trauma. But it never went away. Today I woke up with a yellow spot on my sclera and same pain. It is surrounded in irritated blood vessels.
##########
45F Is it safe to use FML steroid drops long term?
I have an eye condition called sarcoidosis which is proving difficult to treat. It's not the typical uveitis, but is instead granulomas. They    caused bad inflammation and scarring, adhering my eye ball to the inside of the eye lid. 

Anyway, I'm currently taking ikervis nightly  and FML twice daily. Previous to this I was on dexafree. I have also had been on 60mg oral steroids, tapering down over 3 months no success at all. In total I've been using drop steroids for 6 months. I have now been referred to a professor in the city and it may be some time before I get an appointment. I'm concerned about the length of the time I'm taking steroid drops. Are FML ok to keep using for so long? Thank you
##########
24/M Corneal Erosion 2 weeks after PRK surgery.
Hey all. two week ago I had a PRK surgery due to having recuring corneal erosions for almost a year before that. All was good for the last two weeks aside from the fact that last night I had very dry eyes but because I didn't needed to use my usual eye gel this far and had no issue I didn't applied it last night either, which turns out was an error because I woke up with very intense and familiar pain in the eye that had the surgery. I was unable to open my eyes for almost the whole day due to the pain.

My city doesn't has any eye doctors for 4 days but I do plan to go to a doctor if it won't get any in that time period.

The thing I'm worried about that since it was only 2 weeks and my sight wasnt fully recovered yet that the healing process and that the surgery's result will be ruined due to this happening so soon + that my eyesight might not return afterward fully. Anyone has experience about this by any chance?
##########
28m trying to find some answers.
Hey guys. Just reaching out for some advice. Ive seen an eye doctor and he can't seem to tell me why bilaterally my pupils are pinpoint, I keep seeing this light orb in the corner of my left eye, and pain that comes and goes mostly behind my left eye, but both eyes at times. This all started after covid the second time and I can't seem to shake it. Scans have all come back normal. Could the sheer amount of inflammation my body is experiencing right now be causing it? Tension? I'd like to get my vision back to baseline but I'm not sure how or whats going on. Thanks.
##########
37F Why is my left eye like this all of a sudden.
I looked in the mirror and I notice that my left eyeball has clear glossy red on the lower part towards my nose. I wonder what could it be. I know I need to see an eye doctor, but I am worried about what it  could be. I already have other issues going with inflammation going with my hands and feet along with feeling unbalanced. I am worried it is something serious.  My regular doctor prescribed me celecoxib for my inflammation and meclizine for my unbalance. I have been taking lisinopril for years for my blood pressure and started taking Simvastatin about a year and half ago for my cholesterol. Also I  beeb taking norethindrone a progesterone only years too.


##########
23M. Just a doubt.
In case of CRAO, or CRVO, or any kind of vessel blockage due to whatsoever reason, does flickering of vision happen as an early-stage symptom?

Blackouts that last less than a second, mostly at periphery, very rarely involving central vision, associated with a dull eye pain. Upto 10 times a day. This is what is happening with me.

Is it possible that this is happening due to blockade in the vessels supplying and draining the eyes? My assumption is that maybe its halfway blocked and sometimes due to vasospasm it just blocks off completely causing the flicker? Is that a thing? I do feel that is a wrong assumption due to the duration of flicker (maximally 1/4th of a second). But I am no expert. Please let me know here. I do plan to get to a doctor this Tuesday for further checkups.

  
Edit - I do have a terrible lifestyle, TG was 175 mg/dl. Family history of heart attacks on both sides, my normal BP is 130/90 and HR is 120 around. I am trying to correct my lifestyle albeit its happening slowly due to the nature of area and my work.
##########
30M - Does having strained eyes or very different eye sights in both eyes affect measurement accuracy?
30M from Germany, no drinking, smoking or drugs.

Does having strained eyes or very different eye sights (one eye near-sighted and one eye far-sighted) impact the measurements needed to get glasses or Lasik?

Glasses barely seemed to help my strained eyes, so I went for Lasik. My non-dominant eye has barely improved through Lasik after about 9 months. Now I'm hesitant to go for a (free of charge) second surgery, as they apparently completely failed to measure that eye correctly the first time. They also only informed me about an increased risk for this to happen in my case in hindsight. Now I'd like to know if that was just bad luck or if measurements are expected to be wrong in my case. I'm also very interested in potential ways to improve the accuracy of a second measurement, e.g. through taking a vacation before to reduce strain by reducing the time spent looking at screens.

Any other advise or experience regarding these cases would also be appreciated.
##########
6M - Amblyopia in son
My son (6 years) was diagnosed yesterday with amblyopia in his left eye at an opticians appointment (he could hardly see any of the letters - I think the optician said the VA was 6/10?). The prescription in his left eye is -0.25. His right eye is overcompensating which has given him a prescription of +1.50 in that eye with a VA of 6/5.

He has been prescribed glasses to wear for three months, after which they will see if they have made any difference and if not will refer to the hospital for patching.

I understand the basics... (though this is all new to me - when it was obvious that his vision was poor in his left eye, I was assuming myopia - I am very short-sighted and his older sister has worn glasses since she was two, also because of myopia).

But his prescription in his left eye is not quite myopic, is that right? So what has caused the weakness if not a difference in prescription? From my understanding, the right eye has only become 'longsighted' because of his weakness in his left? He doesn't have strabismus* nor any physical cause (ie cataracts).

What will the glasses do? Do they correct the prescription in his right eye so it isn't working as hard? If that is the case, will wearing the glasses reduce his vision (at least in the first instance) as the sight in his right eye won't be as strong?

He did have another sight test six months ago and they said his sight was fine then (L: -0.25, R: 0; VA both 6/6). He seems to be relatively old for this issue to appear? I've read that treatment really needs to occur before the child is 7, is that right?

*The optician did however say there was weakness in the left eye - would this still be strabismus even though there is no obvious turning in or out of the eye?

Any insights welcome, thank you :)

White/no drug or alcohol use
##########
16M eye pain
Eye pain 16M

Eye pain

16M Been having eye pain for around a month, best way I can describe it is a dull ache in my eye. Hurts more in my right eye than my left. Been worried it may be glaucoma, though I know the pain if ever caused by glaucoma is horrible and unbearable. This pain is more of a nuisance. I failed an eye test at school about a month ago, pretty sure the test had something to do with muscles in the eye as that is what it said on the paper regarding the tests. The test was the one where there was a box that said an and b and you had to see if the red dot was in the box. Been worried sick over this for the past few months. Does anyone have any clue what could be causing my issues?
##########
28F developed a floater in my right eye
Hi, I just started getting a floater. I don’t always see it but it shows up randomly. I noticed it happens mostly when I’m outside (not always) and occasionally when I’m really tired. 

I have 20/20 vision and haven’t had any issues with my vision aside from this. 

I get migraines but I don’t experience aura. I’ve had migraines for years without floaters. Part of me is wonder if it could be related somehow.

I plan on getting an eye exam when I have insurance again. My current one doesn’t include vision.
##########
36F, could this dark spot in my eye be something very worrisome?
36f, latina, non smoker, non drinker, do not take any drugs or any other medications. No serious medical conditions. 

For years, 10+ years, I've had this pinkish/brownish spot in the corner of my left eye. Just yesterday, I noticed it looks much darker and has changed shape. What could this be? There is a picture of the spot in the link below. Please, help.


##########
18F, microprisms
3rd try on this post, hopefully I got everything this time…

No meds, smoking, drinking or drugs; no medical issues; complaint-microprisms as relates to tbi/BVD; duration-not relevant, but let’s say 5 years; race-irrelevant to question, but let’s say multi.  


Details: Do most optometrists have the ability to accurately prescribe small amounts of prism (ex. for tbi sufferers) in the US, or is that solely a neuro optometry thing? Talking about prism of like, 0.5 or something along those lines (like for mild BVD, but not double vision).
##########
24M My Journey from Misdiagnosis to Scleral Buckle Surgery for Retinal Detachment.
\*\*My last prescription before surgery (1/3/2023):\*\*

* Left eye (Dominant Eye): --  -2.5  170
* Right eye (Non-Dominant Eye): --  -2.75  10
* Pupillary Distance (PD): 61

\*\*Current State:\*\*

Now, four months after surgery, I feel like there's a weird separator between two fields in the left of my central vision. When I move my finger in front of it, it's like entering a new field, similar to time-travel movies. The finger gets stretched in or out and appears crooked depending on the place. Below my central vision, objects seem really stretched out and much larger.

\*\*Initial Symptoms and Misdiagnosis:\*\*

On 1/1/2024, I noticed that horizontal lines appeared crooked in the left of my central vision, and my central vision was a bit blurry. Concerned about keratoconus due to my high degree of astigmatism, I visited an ophthalmologist. She dilated my right eye (the non-dominant eye) and said there was nothing wrong, attributing the issue to my old glasses. Despite my insistence that the problem persisted, she suggested dryness and inflammation were to blame and prescribed antibiotic and moisturizing drops. She also recommended new glasses, assuring me everything would be fine.

\*\*Worsening Symptoms:\*\*

Over time, I saw no improvement. By 20/3/2024, the blurriness worsened, prompting me to seek a second opinion. I booked an appointment with a well-known ophthalmologist on 25/3/2024. In the days leading up to the appointment, I frequently covered my good eye to check for changes, but the blurriness and crooked lines remained.

\*\*Diagnosis and Surgery:\*\*

On 25/3/2024, the new ophthalmologist discovered a retinal detachment with a macular hole in my right eye. I was shocked and scared, especially after seeing a curtain covering almost two-thirds of my vision from the left. The doctor emphasized the urgency of surgery to preserve what vision was left, estimating post-surgery vision in that eye would be no more than 30%.

Upon researching retinal detachment, I realized the importance of immediate action. I scheduled surgery for the earliest possible date, 27/3/2024. The surgery, a scleral buckle procedure, was successful, and the doctor later informed me that my vision might recover to more than 70% since the macula wasn't detached.

\*\*Recovery:\*\*

A week after surgery, my follow-up showed the macular hole was closing and healing well. Eight weeks later, on 3/6/2024, the doctor confirmed that my retina and optic nerve were healthy, and new glasses were expected by December. I mentioned the metamorphopsia I was experiencing, and he explained it was due to cells forming to the left of the fovea (causing objects below my central vision to appear larger) and a demarcation line (causing vertical lines to appear crooked like a zigzag). This explanation made sense to me.

Here is my yesterday's OCT: \[OCT\](

If you can tell me anything about my OCT or if you faced something similar, please let me know.
##########
24M Asymmetrical Field of View
This is mostly just a curiosity as it has never effected me before.

I have 20/20 vision(as far as i know) and a very slight vertical focus astigmatism. Nothing has noticeably changed in my eyesight in the last 24 years of my life, and I don't think this is new.

I recently bought a ir head tracker for flight sims. While calibrating it I noticed that, I can turn my head to the right 33°, before I can't clearly focus on what is right in front of me, in relation to my body. But when turning my head to the left, I can only turn it 22° before it what's in front of me gets blurry. My Peripheral view is the same for both sides, but things to my right are much more blurry.

I would never have noticed, if not for the head tracking calibration pointing it out, but now I cant stop noticing it. The internet wouldn't give me any concise answers, and I didn't want to book an Optometrist appointment for a curiosity that doesn't affect my daily life. So I was hoping someone knowledgeable here could satiate my curiosity.
##########
30M first time getting glasses does the bottom part of the photo match my prescription?
Link: 

So my vision has been suffering a bit for a few years now. I’ve never had glasses before and just had my first eye exam in about 15 years.
The doctor wrote a prescription and I plan on ordering glasses online to save some money.
 when I scan my prescription on a website it autofills as seen on the lower portion of the photo.
Is it accurate? The doctor did not include decimals so I want to make sure before I place an order.
Any help is appreciated thanks
##########
30F random rash on upper left eyelid
Started this morning. It burns but doesn’t itch. I started using a new mascara two days ago and slept with a warming eye mask last night. I’ve never had a problem with the warming eye mask but hasn’t tried that mascara before. It’s only on one eye so I’m not sure if it’s an allergy. I noticed it after showering in warm water today. Could it be infected?
##########
35M Silicon bubbles in eye


Hi all,

My right eye has quite the history (accident at 5 years old where an IOL has been placed). This led to the loss of most of my vision (-9?). After an uneventful 30 years my retina detached last year. The retina was restored and my eye filled with silicon oil. After a few months pressures were to high (also caused by emulsified silicon oil), and they removed the oil during a second surgery. Pressures did not drop however, and in a third surgery a Paul Glaucoma Implant was installed. Eye pressure is perfect now, and the eye in general feels very good!

The only thing I would like to address are the subconjunctival silicon bubbles (esthetically). The photo shows several small bubbles and one or two bigger ones in the superior nasal quadrant of the eye. I’m simply wondering if (and how) this can / should be fixed?
##########
26F Is this a logical change in rx?
I'm not quite sure how to read the changes. The optometrist said "there was only slight change so you don't need new lenses unless you want them". I also just realized they did a single vision rather than progressive? There isn't anything for "NV-ADD". I'm considering a new pair of glasses, so I appreciate any help!

First eye exam which resulted in getting progressive lenses (2021):

(R) S: -0.25 C: -0.50 A: 170
(L) S: 0 C: -0.50 A: 5
NV ADD +1.25

Current (2023):

(R) S: 0 C: -1.00 A: 170
(L) S: +0.25 C: -1.25 A: 5
##########
20M: Do I have actual eye strain or psychosomatics?
Hi! 

A couple of months ago, I started getting weird eye fatigue during working with computer screens. Within a couple of days I could look at the screen less and less, with each day going from 10 hours to 10 minutes. It felt like my eyes just didn't want to look at the screen, but no actual fatigue or other symptoms. Later, I also noticed blood vessels appearing in my eyes and my eyelids started twitching all the time until I got to bed at the end of a day. Went for an eye exam and asked 2 doctors, both said they see no problems and say that eyes are healthy, though there a really minor farsightedness that shouldn't affect anything. Later I have read on the internet there is a type of asthenopia that is nerve-induced (stress, whatever). I realized that I actually was going through too much stress at the time and that was a likely cause, because the symptoms that I was experiencing were also inconsistent with me having eye strain during the days. But unfortunately, until recently, I was still getting the same amount of stress with different stuff in y life in the following months and my issue remained the same. At one point, it was heard for me to go outside, because my eyes were really light-sensitive, and I couldn't see far away if there was sun. Also, sometimes my eyes felt dry, but when I used eye drops they didn't feel better (so I guess they weren't actually dry). I also had other symptoms like dry skin, muscle twitching and other.

2 weeks ago I got the opportunity to finally have my rest. All my symptoms started to go away now, but my eyes feel different symptoms now. I still have blood vessels popped out (the same red lines, that I had months ago and a couple of new ones), and I don't feel light-sensitivity that much, and I actually can work with the screens. But my eyes feel heavy after some time I work on my laptop, especially the left one. I feel heaviness in the left eye's sclera on the side of it that is closer to the nose. I don't feel that much fatigue when I'm using my phone, even though my phone has a worse screen that should make my eyes more tired than my laptop. Also, fatigue that I'm getting is again inconsistent with how much I strain my eyes.

Probably my symptoms will go away if I continue with my stress-relief journey, but I still wonder if you guys can offer some of your perspective and maybe confirm or not my conclusions. Later, I visited 2 more doctors and got the same answer “eyes are healthy, but a really minor farsightedness” , and one of them prescribed me +0.25 glasses, but she didn't really feel confident in doing that. I also mentioned to the last 2 doctors that maybe it's psychosomatic, and I'm just stressed, but they didn't give an answer or even think about it too much. That's weird, because if I search this online, it's not hard to find info about such case. And also I'm concerned, that an average ophthalmologist doesn't consider that, because if I go to any other doctor and tell them about my eye symptoms, they will probably just send me to an ophthalmologist. 

Btw, what's the difference between buying $150 prescription glasses and getting them from AliExpress for $10? Considering that the lenses are the same on both left and right eye and I don't care how well the glasses fit on my face.
##########
38F: Sudden, sore white spot on outer eye with lots of redness - any ideas what it might be?
Link to image: [

Started to feel a little soreness in the lower outer part of my right eye randomly today but figured I maybe had an eyelash or something there. Didn’t see anything in the mirror. But a few hours later now the slight soreness when I blink is still there so looked in the mirror and moved my eye more and found a white spot with a lot of redness around it. Gonna go to the doc tomorrow (or will try to if they have an opening) but any idea what this might be? Zero issues precious to this and nothing has gotten in my eye recently that I remember.
##########
29F Small bumps underneath the iris (pics included)
Hello, I [29F] noticed something unusual with my left eye yesterday. Right under my pupil, at the edge of the iris, there are two tiny bumps on the surface of my eyeball. They feel like small, raised areas, and there is some redness underneath them. The bumps are quite small, and there's no significant pain, but they do feel sensitive. I usually do wear contacts. So it might have to do something with that?

I have a house dust mite allergy, but this feels different from my usual allergy symptoms.

Has anyone experienced something similar, or can anyone tell me what this might be? Should I see an eye doctor?


##########
26M Misdiagnosis of orbital cellulitis? Eyelid still swollen 3 months after infection
26M, 6'1, 180 lb, Caucasian from Canada.

Three months ago in April my right eye became very infected and swollen out of nowhere, eye felt slightly scratchy/stabbing pain from the back of the eye the night before and woke up to it being nearly swollen shut. Went to a walk-in clinic and they first thought it could be a stye, gave me some antibiotic cream and sent me home. The cream didn't work and the swelling became worse so I went back again; they said it was blephartis and gave me general antibiotics (cephalexin 500mg) to be used for a week. The antiobiotics took a very long time to actually kick in, meanwhile I was experiencing alot of pain from the infection. Even at the end of the week it still looked swollen so I took cephalexin for 2 more days.

That was three months ago. My eyelid on the infected eye is still swollen though not overtly but its noticeable compared to the other eye. I also still have some soreness in the back of this eye everyday. I did warm compresses to no effect, and haven't taken any other medication. At first I thought it might be just residue from the infection but the fact that there has been no visible change to the eyelid swelling and because pain is still ongoing has led me to book an optometrist and ophthalmologist appointment. The optometrist didn't detect any vision problems, but the five minute ophthalmologist appointment felt pretty lackluster; when I told him my situation he assumed it was just due to a stye or chalazion and barely looked at my eye before sending me on my way with a "give it some time" (also failed to look at the findings from the optometrist since their computers were down that day). What made me anxious was that apparently in the referral note from the original walk-in clinic they had written "possible orbital cellulitis" when they had told me it was blephartis.

Was this a misdiagnosis? Should I have gone to the hospital and gotten intravenous antibiotics? And what should I do for my ongoing eyelid swelling/drooping that is asymetric between my eyes, could this be reversed? Or could it be that there is still a problem (infection, abscess, etc) that is causing it.

[  
3 months ago when infection first started

[  
Eye currently
##########
24F Ocular Nevus? Growing with Time
My mom first noticed this freckle in my eye when I was in middle school, she said it wasn't there when I was younger and I wasn't born with it. It doesn't bother me, I've grown to like it. However, I have definitely noticed it getting bigger with time. Every year, my optometrist says it is benign and nothing to worry about. However, the dermatologists I work for have told me several times to get it checked by an ophthalmologist (they think it's fine, but want me to make sure). I have an appointment with an ophthalmologist next month, but I may have to reschedule it to a later time. I figured I'd post here for a preliminary opinion. Any help is appreciated. Thank you!


##########
20F Bumps inside eyelid - can’t figure out what it is? 
Link for the picture : [ Okay so I've been feeling like there's something in my eye for a couple of weeks now - been red and uncomfortable but it's gotten a little better overtime. Anyway, went to the optometrist and she said it's allergy bumps (didn't mention anything about GPC) and gave me steroid drops to put in which I'm too scared to do lol. But otherwise she gave me artificial tears (dry eye) drops and told me to do warm compresses. Any idea what this is? I'm scared.
##########
20F Red eye but only inner part?
My inner part of my left eye has been red and slightly painful, not itchy, for about 4 days now. At night it gets a little crusty from like watery drainage, but not the green gooeys and crusties like with pink eye. I don’t think it’s pink eye cause that would be the whole eye and it’s only one side, plus it’s not itchy, just painful. Anyone have any ideas? I’m giving in and going to urgent care tomorrow, I was waiting at first to see if it would go away on its own. 

The two pictures are for comparison of the different between both eyes as well as the difference between the left eye inner versus outer
##########
35F is this GPC
35F is this GPC or? 

My eye has been burning all day. I can't tolerate my contact lense so l only have my left one in. I am out of town and I forgot my glasses! My eye is burning and watering. I finally looked und my eyelid. I can't find anything on google al it. Anyone have this? Should I go to the ER? It's insane how bad it burns.
##########
20M redness in upper eye &amp; light discharge
I'm a 20m working young adult that has recently gotten a red eye (right) with no pain or irritation. However, only the upper portion of my eye is red and slight yellow. Also there is almost always a little bit of mucus like substance in the eye. It is affecting my vision whenever it is in front of my pupil. It has been like this for almost 2 weeks and I have already tried antibiotic eye drops. I have tried looking for answers but nothing helps it. If you have anything that might help me please let me know.
##########
19M Red spot beside my iris that comes and goes at random
I have a red spot on the edge of my iris that comes on suddenly and usually is gone the next day, this has been happening for probably over 6 months at this point. I noticed it usually shows up when I've been on the computer or looking at my phone for a really long time but I wasn't on either hardly at all today and I just noticed it when I looked in the mirror and it's slightly worse than I've seen it before. It's not painful, although I do have some vision trouble with this eye like blurriness and pinpoint flashes of light but I can't tell if it's related to the red spot or not. I have a multitude of other symptoms that I don't feel like typing out here, if you're interested you can check my post history. I got an eye exam in April or May and they said everything looked 100% normal. This eye is always more blurry than my other one and sometimes gets this vaseline like vision over it that clears up if I blink a bunch of times. The redness is not painful although I do feel like the eye gets a lot of pressure sometimes and it gives me a headache. Sometimes when I get a headache I can see my pulse in that eye. This eye and eyelid also twitches very often. I don't drink, smoke, vape, or do any drugs.
##########
35F Preventing pressure on the eye when I sleep on my side
35F, Every now and then I wake up with blurred vision in my left eye when I sleep on that side. The blurred vision may go away after a few minutes but sometimes it will last all day. I'm trying to find a product that will stop me from putting pressure on my eye. I'm not on any medications. I do not drink, smoke, or use drugs. I do not wear glasses or contacts. I'm Hispanic.
##########
22M Suspicious that I was misdiagnosed and currently have a retinal tear.
A while back, I noticed some floaters so I went to the eye doctor to get it checked out. He said that I had a small retinal hole in my left eye. He sent me to see an ophthalmologist and they did some tests and they told me that they didn't see anything wrong, but for safe measure, they'll get me a second opinion. I do those tests and be they all come back normal. So they sent me on my merey way. A couple months later and within the past month or so I have been beggining to believe that I was misdiagnosed. I don't think my floaters have increased, but I sometimes see the color or objects change slightly if I look at them too long or sometimes things look like they have a weird filter over them if I focus too hard on it. I have a major anxiety and kinda just assumed that that's what was going on and that's why I have the floaters, I don't know. But yesterday, I took out my flash light and shined it at such an angle that when I moved my eyes quickly up and down to look at something, the flash light seemed to flicker at the periphery of my vision. I haven't experienced any vision loss, the floaters and the weird fuzziness is the most common thing. I'm very very very in tune with my body and I'm really perceptive of when things move or change in my vision...probably too much because sometimes I see black specks fly by so fast you don't even know what you were looking at or if it was even there at all. 



Tldr; went the eye doctor for floaters and one out of 3 of them said it was a retinal hole, so now I don't know what to do​.
##########
28M Light Sensitivity/Corneal Ulcer
28M-Right eye started to get red, sensitive to light, watery and irritated halfway through my shift at work, I got home and took my contact out and noticed small grey dot about 1mm or less in size above my pupil, tried to go to bed since i work nights but the pain and the watering was unbearable. I go to the eye doctor about 2 hours later and he diagnosed me with an ulcer and gave me antibiotic eye drops to take. I’m on day 6, my eye feels good, I don’t notice the grey dot, my eye looks overall pretty healthy. My only concern is my eye is still pretty dry feeling but i’m still very sensitive to the light, borderline unbearable if i’m in the sun. Just curious if this is still normal or not.
##########
29F Diagnosed with Preseptal Cellulitis - antibiotic not making significant improvement?
I am a 29F, caucasian. I had an internal stye that progressed very quickly to extreme pain and ridiculous swelling. I was diagnosed by my optometrist with Preseptal Cellulitis and prescribed Keflex at 500mg 2x per day for 10 days. I have been taking the medication for 3 days, and my eye still feels very uncomfortable. The pain has reduced a good bit, but the discomfort is still out of this world. Stinging, itching, swelling, redness, etc. Should I expect to see greater improvement with the antibiotic, or is this normal?

Timeline:

* Woke up with this condition 4 days ago
* Saw optometrist and started antibiotic 3 days ago

  
\*Photo taken today after 3 days of antibiotics:

  
[
##########
18F scratch on pupil
i made a post before going to the doctor. i was going to get a drink and the driver took a quick turn and the plastic straw i had cut my pupil. (wild how it happened, i know) went to the doctor an hour later because my eye was in pain, very blurry, watering so much, red, could hardly open it and felt like there was something in it. they said their wasn’t an abrasion but they could see a little cut on the pupil. the doctor prescribed me erythromycin ophthalmic ointment for 4 times a day, for 7 days. I haven’t been able to get the medicine yet due to them being closed. how long will it be in pain and when will the blurriness go away?
##########
49F swollen optic nerve, evaluation in six weeks, is it ok to wait so long?
Hi, i saw an opthomalogist today for dry eyes.  My optician last week sent me with a referral to see about punctal plugs.  That part was fine. 

However upon examination he saw some swelling of my left optic nerve and has referred me to another in office doctor who specializes in glaucoma.  I asked if that's what it might be and he said no but the other dr specializes in "these kind of things."  He wouldn't speculate further.

Appt was set for six weeks to be evaluated by this specialist who will also place the plugs. 

Of course i came home to Google and everything i see is people immediately getting ct scans and MRIs, like that day because it's super super serious. 

Do i need to reach out and get an appt sooner or what should i do? 

Additional info- white 49F, dry eyes going on two years but no other symptoms to indicate a swollen optic nerve. My pressure test last week was normal.  I get yearly eye exams for glasses (nearsighted, astigmatism) Nothing else of interest medically. Family history of cataracts. No smoking drinking or drugs. 

Edit: just in case someone comes across the thread,  saw the medical eye dr today,  the conclusion is I have small optic nerves. So when a less experienced dr looks at them,  they don't see the more normal empty space in the middle,  I have no empty space.  Anyway, all is good,  only down side is a higher risk of optic nerve strokes which sound horrific but I don't have any comorbidity risks so yay.
##########
21M  Unsure if contact is removed
Today I was taking out my contacts. My right eye’s came out like normal but I struggled with the left one. Now, I physically can’t see the contact anymore, and I’ve tested with my glasses and my vision is better with glasses for that specific eye. However I still feel something is inside that eye and I’m worried it got folded or stuck in an awkward angle. I’ve tried a few drops of eye drops but nothing changed and have checked the general sink area and have found nothing. What can I do?
##########
28M - Black Flashes in corner of eye
[

I'm Hispanic and have just recently been diagnosed with hypertension and diabetes. I also have really bad myopia and astigmatism. I wear glasses. I started having vision problems even with my glasses a few days ago and I believe this is due to the diabetes (my vision was blurrier than usual). I'm about a week and a half into symptoms occurring and am now taking medicine. I had a shot of Semeglutide a few days ago and glyburide metformine hci 5mg/500mg (for diabetes twices a day) &amp; Lorsatan Potassium 50mg. My blurry vision has sort of returned to normal now, it feels like my eyes are taking longer to focus on something or going in and out of focus randomly. But the other thing is that for a while now I've been having these black flashes on the corner of my vision and i've notied that this happens more when I'm tired or late at night. It's not frequent but it does happen on occasion. I had these flashes recently but stronger than I've had before. I attached a gif of what it looks like sort of.

Oh also my blood sugar is being managed well. A little high around 140 for the past few days but not anywhere near as bad as it was before (400+). My blood sugar now is at around 100 so at a normal level.

would appreciate any thoughts.
##########
22F Corneal Edema
Hi,

My sister has had 2 DSAEKs in the last 3 years. Her most recent one was 6 months ago and unfortunately she has noticed blurry vision occurring every morning ever since summer started. She uses Muro 128 drops and ointment along with systane pf. She has open angle glaucoma and has had many surgeries in the past couple years. Her iris is misshapen due to IOL replacements and the glaucoma surgeries. Because of this her ophthalmologist was not able to lay the transplant on seamlessly but tried his best. My question here is, if these partial transplants are supposed to last roughly 10 years what might be going wrong here? She has been cautious not to wear contacts, eye make up and even avoiding excessive sun exposure. Is there anything that can be suggested to try to reduce the edema or prevent the cell death so rapidly. Should we get second opinion from a different corneal specialist? We've hit a roadblock and have no other means of getting any answers. Any advice would be so so helpful thank you!
##########
32M - Change in vision after uveitis? white or bright surfaces feel overexposed
Hi all,

32M with probable Ankylosis Spondylitis currently recovered from my fifth flare of anterior uveitis.

My last flare started in my left eye in November and took months to resolve with steroid drops. At some point it came back and had to start using drops again at initial frequency before tapering again. 

I stopped using the drops at least two months ago but I’ve recently been noticing a change in my left eye vision. I see blotches of light when I’m reading over a a bright screen sometimes, and white or bright colours feel overexposed (can’t see details as well) compared to my other eye, particularly during daylight. I have an appointment again in two months but I’d like to know if this is a cause for concern and should push for an urgent appointment.

Thank you all :)
##########
32M eye irritation and discharge
I’m 32 male. I used to use clear eyes eye drops everyday. I have since then stopped since my doctor told me to. I have been on antibiotics for 3 weeks. I wake up with crust and white discharge coming out of both eyes. I weigh 280’pounds.

I have always had perfect vision and I think if it’s an infection the source of infection is I would keep clear eyes in my pocket on my scrubs.


##########
30F Eye Redness


Hello! I wanted to see if I have developed a possible subconjunctival hemorrhage. I don’t believe it is but I started taking 81 mg aspirin a week ago for pregnancy. I am 16 weeks along. I noticed this yesterday and have minimal eye soreness if I press on my eyelid. My only past medical history is hypothyroidism. I take Synthroid, vitamins, and aspirin. I had LASIK eye surgery 11 years ago. Please see the image above. Thank you!
##########
25F extreme eye blurring after steroid eyedrop use
Hey there, just looking for answers as my opthalmologist is on vacation next week and I'm very much in the dark about what is happening. I'm trying to get an appointment with someone but it seems like I may be stuck for a bit. 

2 weeks ago I noticed blurring in my left eye, I went to the hospital immediately and was then sent to an opthalmologist who prescribed me apo-moxifloxacin drops 4 times a day for a corneal ulcer. My eyesight was improving.

This past week on Monday the same doctor prescribed me to also use teva-prednisolone drops once a day. The blurring started after 4 days. I now have gone from 20/20 vision to 20/300 or worse vision within 5 days (since I first noticed the blurring getting worse). 

I was told to stop using the steroids and contact a corneal specialist. The specialist likely won't be able to see me this week and is off next week. My eye feels tired and hot. I had Lasik 8 years ago and the doctor thinks this may be reacting badly with the steroid drops. Any advice or comfort would be appreciated.
##########
33M  Stye, Chalazion, or infection?
Hey guys, two days ago I woke up with what seemed to be something in my eye. It was crust from the outside of my eye that had gotten in while I was asleep I’m assuming. I’ve had dry eyes for awhile but nothing like this.

It has gotten bigger over the past few days. I originally iced it and it went down a decent amount but then I did some research and have been putting warm compresses on it throughout the day. The only problem I have is I’m not sure exactly what it is. 

Here are some pictures: 







I’ve been treating it as though it’s a stye but I do not have insurance and have been putting off going to like urgent care but if it’s an infection that looks bad I do not want to go blind or anything so I will drag myself there.


Thank you for any help.
##########
34F nystagmus , wobbly, some memory issues
Neuro Dr says this looks like nystagmus. Is it really? 
Trying to test for genetic spinocerebellar ataxia Becusee my uncle died from
It. Feel off balance for 4 months  but walking normal

Hoping some optometry/ophthalmo guys can help. 
My next appointment is in a months. Dead worried.
Had normal brain mri. 


Best regards. 
Otherwise heathy. 122 pounds 5.6 
Some short term memory issues, that doctors blame
On stress.
##########
26M Blood Vessel Growth in Cornea
Recently I was told by my local eye care physician that I had blood vessels growing in my cornea. It all started when I had a serious eye infection they couldn't find the cause for. I took steroid eye drops and that got rid of the infection and cleared my eyesight. Flash forward, a bit after I finished with the steroid drops and my eyesight in that eye is hazy again. I'm now being sent to a specialist to see why there are blood vessels growing in my cornea.

I mostly just want to know how serious it is. I'm honestly not worried about sight loss, as while it sucks my eyesight in the affected eye was never really good to begin with, and it doesn't affect my day to day life. I just want to know if there are any other serious health concerns I should be worried about, or what might commonly be the cause. I do want to add I'm overweight (300lbs and still dropping due to a diet change), wear glasses daily and have a family history of diabetes, though last time I checked for that I was in the clear. 

Edit: Wanted to add that the infection took place in March of this year. There's no redness, no pain, and it doesn't itch or burn. Only vision loss.
##########
20M benefits of lasering retinal hole?
doctor found a retinal hole today, said it was small and said I could wait and see what happens, but it would be helpful to laser it now instead of waiting for a possible detachment. I've read online though that holes can sometimes heal, and was wondering if the damage from a laser (I assume it's damaging bc of the scarring?) is worth not waiting to see if it possibly heals. Asian, haven't had any real issues visually beyond a lot of floaters (which I think I had before this happened, because I've gotten checked several times by numerous doctors the past 3 months and none found anything) and sometimes some weird static vision and afterimages, as well as severe dry eye. 

I don't want to damage my retinas more than they already are, so I was just wondering what the benefits and drawbacks are of just doing the laser treatment vs waiting it out.
##########
32m swimming in sea with episcleritis
Hi I had a flare up of episcleritis in May and both my eyes were inflamed so I had to take steroids. I don’t wear contacts and the flare up was caused by swimming in a pool and getting something stuck in my eye I think. 

There is now no inflammation but my eyes are still dry and red at times so I use artificial tears regularly. I’m currently in Thailand and wanted to swim in the sea, could this irritate my eyes again?
##########
1.5M Sun blind toddler
Edit: update.
Genetic testing shows achromatopsia. Thanks again for your input.

A relative of mine is a nearly 18 month old male. From a very young age he didn't respond well to bright light, such as all the kitchen lights being on, and being outside in sunlight causes him to squint and blink continuously. When he's outside he acts blind, such as keeping eyes closed or staring into the distance and groping around with his hands. He can open his eyes briefly to get his bearings but then relies on memory to find an object, move to a different spot, etc. I've tested him on this many times. He can't see outside. Inside in dim light he returns to normal vision, although he has been tested and has issues seeing at a distance. 
Each doctor he's been to hasn't been too concerned about it, just saying he's extra sensitive to light and no big deal. His light sensitivity wasn't in question, but it's concerning to me that he literally can't see when he's outside. Have any of you seen something like this before? Any idea of what could be causing this?

Edit: the child has fair skin and blue eyes
##########
18F I think I’m pulling out my eye
I have mucus fishing syndrome and I pick at my eyes often. My right eye is worse than the left. Unlike the left eye where I enjoy getting the mucus out, the right eye becomes inflamed easily, produces mucus way more frequently, and becomes sore very very easily. It’s also dry and wrinkly under my eyebags, and when I get the eye wet my under eye becomes sore, and feels raw. Just a few minutes ago I was picking and pulled out a red sack like thing attached to my eye. I quickly dropped it and now my eye is super sore and my vision ion is blurry. Does anyone k ow what the red sack might’ve been? I can’t find anything on google. I’m making an eye doctor appointment tomorrow
##########
24F - Growth behind eye? What is this?


I’ve been having pressure and pain off and on in this eye for a little over a week along with headaches. I thought it was a stye but I’ve only ever gotten the tiny bump on waterline type and when I looked where I felt the pressure I didn’t see anything. Tonight I
finally looked all around the eye and saw this. It looks to be growing up behind my eye? I’m going to make a doctors appointment but does anyone know what this is? 

I wear glasses, I have minor astigmatism, I’m white, I don’t smoke or do drugs.
##########
20M YAG Or Vitrectony
For context, I had a PCO (Posterior Capsular Opacification) earlier this year and my opthalmologist did YAG to get rid of it. The issue is, during this YAG, I likely had a PVD since there were a lot of white flashes and a huge ring-shaped floater appeared during it. 

I complained about the floater during a follow up. My opthalmologist took a look and couldn't see it (although two other optometrists could on separate days and they themselves pointed out it was pretty big) but he did find some leftover gunk so opted for another YAG and said if he found the floater on that day, he'd zap it. Got that done, but unfortunately, I think he just cleared up the gunk he found but hadn't been able to touch the floater at all. Since then, this floater is just getting way more in the way and now I'm struggling to read. It's dark and blurs words underneath it. 

It's been 6 months that I've had it, it has only shifted from being on the upper-right of my vision to very near the center of it. It doesn't fade in or out of sight, it's constantly there. I had to visit my opthalmologist again just for a checkup and my visual acuity has gone way down. I told him it was likely because of this massive floater I had mentioned before on my last visit and he's, thankfully, now actually concerned. So I asked if it'd be okay to do a vitrectomy. He said that it is an incredibly risky procedure and that we'll try another YAG instead. So I have that scheduled for August the 16th. But I don't know, I'm worried about the YAG for the same reasons he doesn't recommend the vitrectomy.

I only have one functional eye, my left one. The one with the floater. That said, my left eye is still not-so-good since I still am considered legally blind. (My right eye is still there, it just doesn't work very well.) I have high myopia, my glasses prescription is -12.50. He would rather I not risk my eye with a surgical procedure as intense as a vitrectomy, but he acknowledges that this floater is actually bringing down the remaining functionality of my left eye. 

So I need a little bit of advice here since I'm not sure what to do. He says the vitrectomy is unsafe due to the high risk of retinal detachment— but what about the YAG? I heard it could also cause one and Google's been really poor lately so I can't find whether the chances of a detachment increase with each appointment. So are multiple YAG procedures (3 times within one year, all with a span of 3 months inbetween them) even any safer than a vitrectomy? Would the vitrectomy really be any more dangerous or could it potentially be any safer?
##########
37F - One Lacrimal Gland Larger than Other?
37F, White

Longtime glasses and gas perm contact lens wearer. I am on top of my annual eye exams and see my eye doc regularly.

  
While putting on eye makeup recently, I've noticed that my left upper eyelid area is a bit puffier than my right. A quick Google search notes that as the lacrimal gland. I've included a photo for consideration. 

Is this something I should get in with my eye doc for? I do have recurring cysts in my left eye that I've seen my doc for multiple times. 

  
Photo: [

  
Thanks!
##########
32M - small blind spot close center of vision.
I’m a 32-year-old developer who suddenly started experiencing severe eye strain at work. This was followed by weekly “silent migraines” over two months, which eventually led to me taking several months of sick leave. During this period, I became severely sensitive to light and noticed double vision or ghosting in my left eye, along with a strange feeling in my right eye.

After numerous consultations, I was diagnosed with mild to moderate keratoconus (KC). My vision was measured at 0.7/1 without glasses and 1.2/1.5 with glasses. My prescription also changed significantly during this time. Initially, it was:

	•	Right Eye (OD): -0.5/0.75/100
	•	Left Eye (OS): +0.75/0.75/80

Later, it shifted to:

	•	Right Eye (OD): +0.75/0.75/100
	•	Left Eye (OS): +0.75/0.75/80

It turned out that my eye pain and migraines were due to ill-sustained accommodation insufficiency. With vision therapy, my convergence improved significantly (from breaking at -1 to -5 in three months), my light sensitivity disappeared, and my migraines came under control.

One thing worth noting is that my keratoconus is atypical as I’m hyperopic rather than myopic. Interestingly, my hyperopia increased(although it could be latent myopia, given the accommodation insufficience)with the progression of KC, although there has been no progression in the past year and no crosslinking has been done. This means I’m primarily affected by irregular astigmatism since my corneas are rather flat. I also have mostly posterior astigmatism, which cannot be corrected with any standard lenses, though Ovitz HOA lenses might help.

Despite having minimal keratoconus in my right eye, I experience double vision and slightly reduced vision in my left eye. Strangely, I still prefer using my left eye for reading, while my right eye feels weird and annoyed. Further investigations revealed a very small blind spot near the center of my vision in my right eye. This blind spot covers about 1-2 letters when reading on my phone and is particularly noticeable on an Amsler grid. It’s especially bothersome when looking at high-contrast things like Excel sheets. While the blind spot usually blends in with the surrounding colors, it appears as a small dark shadow on bright surfaces when I blink rapidly. Despite its tiny size, it causes lines to bend slightly when pointing the blind spot at high contrasts like a line on my screen (no bending door frames etc, nothing crazy). The blind spot is very small and stays still at the same fixed position. 

Over the past year, I’ve undergone numerous tests, including OCT and comprehensive retinal exams, and sought second and third opinions. Despite this, no one has been able to explain the cause of this blind spot. One optometrist from the US hypothesized that it could be due to higher-order aberrations.

Given these details, I’m left wondering whether I should accept this as a part of my keratoconus or if there are more tests I should consider. Looking forward to forgetting all about it…
##########
27F - eye patching as an adult
I have amblyopia in my left eye. My parents never enforced patching my good eye when I was a kid, so my amblyopia was never corrected and has actually gotten weaker and lazier over time. Even though I am an adult, I want to try patching to give my eye a chance to improve. I bought occlusion therapy patches to put on my glasses. I tried a patch tonight, I wore it while coloring in a coloring book for twenty minutes. It was very difficult. When I took the patch off, I noticed my weak eye felt… fatigued I guess? Even twenty minutes later it still feels kind of funny. Is this to be expected, like a sign that my eye had a good workout? Thank you.
##########
27M; Blurred vision after conjunctivitis; ophthalmologist tells me to get new glasses
Hello! I have some vision problems recently and would appreciate your input. I had a conjunctivitis 11 days ago, back then I went to the ER (was a sunday) and got a prescription for eye drops and an antibiotic ointment.  The symptoms of the conjunctivitis cleared up 3-4 days after, but I have had a fairly blurred vision on that eye since. I went to a proper ophtalmologist 2 days after the conjunctivities cleared up, and she said that the cornea has roughened, and asked me to keep using the eye drops and ointment once per day each, and additionally use lubricating eye drops every hour, and to come back one week after for another checkup. 

This week has now passed, and while I feel like my vision got a little better, it is still fairly blurry on that one eye, to the point where I can barely read with my healthy eye closed, and can read good enough but still with text being somewhat blurred when both eyes opened, good enough that I can work like that but still at a point where it's very annoying. Now I was at the doctor again, but this time there was a different doctor that took me in (apparently this doctor's office is run by a mother and a daughter). This time I was at the mother, and while I do not want to be agist, I feel like the younger doctor took a lot more time to investigate and understand my issue. 

Anyway, the doc today had a look at the cornea and measured eye pressure, and then told me that my eyes are in good condition, and that there is nothing wrong with my eyes, the blurred vision would apparently just be general degradation over time, I should just get new glasses, and that she was sure that my vision was already bad before the conjunctivitis, I just would not have noticed it until now.

Now, she might be right since I never actively tried to see how well my one eye individually sees by itself, but I feel like I would have noticed it if my vision was that bad already. I tried to assure her that I had no troubles reading two weeks ago, and now I consciously see blurring, but she said she can't do anything and that my eyes are fine. I kinda can't decide whether I'm overreacting or letting myself getting gaslight into thinking this was my condition before. 

Is there any damage that could have happened to my eyes that my doc could have missed, and is there a risk of that getting irreparable by just ignoring it and fixing it by getting new glasses? Should I get a second opinion to see if someone else who takes this more seriously can find an actual problem with my eye, or is this just a waste of time? I very much appreciate your input!

Btw I got my current glasses 2.5 years ago, and had a vision test at work 2 years ago that said my vision is fine. I don't know what any of these values mean, but these are the values from my current glasses: Right: SPH 0.0 ZYL -20 A 105, Left: SPH 0.0 ZYL -125 A 62. Right eye is the one I now see blurred on. White male 27, don't drink smoke or take drugs. Thanks!
##########
19M Eye/Eyelid feels off after treatment
Moxifloxacin 0.5% Eye Drop Side Effects?

I am a 19M. Recently, I felt something in my left eye to which I was told it was a stye at an urgent care. For this, they prescribed me Moxifloxacin 0.5% eye drops 3 times a day for 7 days. The first 2-3 days went fine with no major side effects other than slight stinging for 1-2 minutes. However on days 4-5, the area around the outer corner of my left eye has started to feel weird. I'm not sure to describe it but its a mixture of numbness and tingling. Perhaps I could compare it to the feeling of your eye after you flood it with water? I am not sure if the medicine is to blame but I wanted to ask how long these side effects tend to last. I am just worried it'll last for longer than I want it to. This is just making me feel rather anxious as I have fairly bad health anxiety. Thank you in advance.
##########
33M stye
Not my first [stye]( but I’ve had recurring ones on my left eye since 2019. But it’s been a couple years as I wash my eyes daily with baby wash as recommended. Popped up 2-3 days ago? My wife said she saw it coming. Been applying a warm compress 2-3x day and using erythromycin 2-3x day. Swelling at my lid has gone down, but redness, and swelling has gone below the lid now. It painful, but managed with naproxen. Just keep up with it? When do I get concerned with redness/swelling that goes further than the lid?
##########
8M farsighted with unrelated Keratoconus family history
My 8 year old son had been complaining that he couldn’t see well for months, and I was surprised because he took an exam at his well visit recently and the doctor reported 20/20 vision. I have Keratoconus, so I scheduled him to see an ophthalmologist for an evaluation and to understand the source of my son’s complaints about his vision. The doctor dilated him and both eyes tested +4.99, when he was +.25 without the dilation. He prescribed glasses with a +2.75 and +2.5 power. Is there a reason that the glasses are less powerful than the actual measurement w/ dilation?

He was floored by what he could see when the doctor put the glasses on him in the office! It reminded me of being 15 and putting on my first pair or RGPs and feeling shocked by seeing the world clearly for the first time!

He mentioned that my son’s eyes are too short which is causing the farsightedness, and that over time it may improve as his eyes grow and fully develop, but he’s likely to need glasses through high school. Does that sound right?

Regarding the Keratoconus, it’s obviously too early to tell. But they took a read of his corneas so we have a benchmark for where he is now and the doctors will monitor for changes as he grows up.
##########
45M retina treatment recommendation
Long story short, I visited a retina specialist today, referred after seeing a floater in my left eye and saying I have thin retinas so I should have a specialist take an extra look.

The specialist say no retina tears in the left eye, but diagnosed a retinal tear in my right eye.  He recommended we fix this retinal tear, but also ‘do the entire eye to mitigate future risk’ and recommended doing the same at a future date for the left eye (that currently has no tear).  He said this would be like buying an insurance policy and fix it into the future.

Can you help me understand this diagnosis?  Is it standard to recommend treatment on other parts of the eyes not damaged with a tear?

No drinking or smoking
##########
20M Grey/Brown Pigmentation on Sclera
[

Background: White, 20M. Noticed subtle grey on my sclera around 4 years ago. It was mainly in one spot on my eye with a grey color. Went to an ophthalmologist who said it was Ocular Melanocytosis.

Now the amount of pigmentation has increased. The scleras color has a combination of grey/brown with some blue. A brown spot on my iris also appeared around 6 months ago. I've just assumed it's a freckle.

Is this normal for Ocular Melanoctyosis? I thought the amount of pigmentation was supposed to remain unchanged.

Edit: I don't drink/smoke/use drugs and have no known medical conditions.
##########
41M Is it normal for the iris to slightly “jiggle” when moving eye?


The post above shows a gif of what it looks like. My husband’s eyes do this very slightly.
I read it can be a sign of a connective tissue disorder. How worried should I be? 
(He doesn’t go to the doctor often), and was never diagnosed with connective tissue disorders.
He has mild myopia. Last time he went to the eye doctor was about 8 years ago.
##########
27M Involuntary wide eyes opening (dry?) help
I open my eyes during the day several times wide like it lacks fluid or i dont know what it is. It bothers me. Doctors said i dont have sight problems. I have diabetes and I dont know whay to do.



Before critising me, I went to the best hospital. The doctor said i had nothing and just tried to force sight + plus i wont take as medical advice but i tried 3 doctors and will appoint a new


I am a patient. I am not asking for medical advice but what my problem could be. I also will discuss that post w my doctor and do anything after his appointment.
##########
22 M Cluster of floaters in vision for months.
Back in early February I noticed it, this little slightly darker spot in my vision of my left eye that when I focused on it was a cluster of about 15-20 floaters. Got it checked out, the doc said my eye was fine, no retinal tears etc. Will be going back in Feb for a checkup. However even still the cluster hasn't gone away, the cluster may have gotten larger but it's hard to tell as the shape changes; sometimes it'll have what looks like a tail of floaters connected to the main cluster, others it'll just be the cluster. The cluster also is effected by momentum as I can move it around my vision if I move my eye, though it tends to stay within my vision. Just curious if anyone else has any insight on the matter.
##########
31F FFERG Results
Hello! I had an full-field electroretinogram (fferg) recently after significantly blurred vision in my right eye. Visual acuity went from 20/15 with corrective lenses to 20/30 in that eye. The blurriness has since partially resolved on its own and I’ve been referred to rheumatology to rule out autoimmune conditions. 

Most of my eye tests came back normal, but my fferg seemed to show there was something measurable causing my blurriness, though I’m no expert so I have no idea. My ophthalmologist called me after and told me the results were normal, but the interpreting physician seemed to think the responses in my right eye were reduced. 

I can’t find much in the medical literature I have access to on how to read and interpret these results, so I’m coming here to see if anyone can either direct me to resources on reading fferg results like mine or has thoughts on my results:

Interpreting Physician Notes:
Photopic LA 3 A-wave amplitude borderline OU
B-wave reduced OD, normal OS
Photopic LA 30Hz flicker Reduced OD, Normal OS
Scotopic DA 0.01 Reduded below normal OD, Normal OS
Scotopic DA 3 Borderline OD, Normal OS

Impression
The responses are reduced in the RIGHT eye compared to the LEFT eye

Recommendation
Clinical correlation is needed

*More context on me and the blurriness: woke up one day in February and the right eye was blurry and the blurriness partially resolved overnight one day in May as well. There was no trauma to the eye. I am South Asian. I am overweight but healthy otherwise. Sugars and blood pressure always come back great. I exercise at least 5 hours a week. I eat fairly healthy. I have a diagnosis for Hypermobile Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome but it’s currently under investigation and I’ve been referred to rheumatology because it seems I’m possibly just hypermobile with an autoimmune condition.
##########
23 white female with afterimages that won’t go away
Hi there, yesterday while I was at work I think I stared at a light too long, and started seeing a little black dot. I immediately started panicking because I have had hemiplegic migraines where I got aura to the point of not being able to see and also numbness on half my body .
But I quickly realized that wasn't it. I'm someone who always gets after images, but it usually only lasts a minute. This one has been pretty consistent since last night. Right now I can't notice it, but when I look at a wall it's like it comes back. And I am noticing extra that I'm getting more afterimages like my eyes are extra sensitive.
I haven't been getting good sleep lately because someone tried breaking into my house on the weekend at 2:30 am.
Plus started a job where I have to get up at 5 am. I'm wondering if it's from the extreme stress and not getting proper sleep. Should I just give it some time ?? It's been over 24 hours now and it's still there. In Canada an eye doctor is pretty expensive. I went once 2 years ago and everything was okay. I don't know if it's in the cards for me right now to go to an eye doctor but if I have to I can.
Any advice would help as this stuff makes my health anxiety really bad.
##########
32F What's up with this eye infection?!
32F  5'3' 100lb caucasian don't smoke/do drugs

Hi there! I need help with a double eye infection I've been experiencing for over a month. Here is what's happened:

About a month ago (late June) I had a very bad eye infection (eyes were constantly super red, itchy, lots of pus / discharge coming out from them constantly). Had it in both eyes. I also had cold/flu symptoms, so I assumed the infection was viral and it was all related. and would go away on it's own.

After about a week, symptoms subsided and I thought I was in the clear. but a few days later (around July 3) the symptoms all came back, not quite as badly but pretty bad. I continued to use eye drops etc, which offered relief. I thought I had gotten reinfected from a towel or something like that.

The symptoms subsided but not completely, and for the last two weeks I've been waking up with a lot of light sensitivity, a bit of discharge, itchiness. And the weird thing is also in the evenings (around 9pm or 10pm) my eyelids start to feel SUPER heavy, like i can't keep them open. Even though im not that tired.

What's going on!? will this end? Do I need to see a doctor? Are there medicines I should take?
##########
39M Monocular reduced visual acuity left eye – can’t determine cause or how to correct it
Details: I Initially noticed a deterioration in the near vision of my left eye, which has progressed and now includes far vision. If I close my right eye and look through my left eye, I also see a ghost image (Monocular diplopia?) when not wearing contact lenses/glasses and when wearing contact lenses/glasses.

Duration: First noticed over 12 months ago and steadily got worse.

Current Medications: 100mg Sertraline

Background: I’ve had numerous eye tests with the same opticians/optometrist who has been unable to correct for the reduction in visual acuity. They noted that my eyes were quite dry, but my vision wasn’t corrected when I was treated for this.

My prescription is as follows:



||Sph|Cyl|Axis|VA|Near Vision|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|Right|-2.25|-0.50|155|6/6|N5.0|
|Left|-3.25|-0.50|175|6/9|N24.0|

 

The Optometrist referred me to a consultant ophthalmologist, citing unexplained reduced visual acuity for the past 12 months in both distance and near vision of the left eye with contact lenses and glasses.

The optometrist’s notes for the ophthalmologist stated:

&gt;Patient has been refracted by 3-4 different clinicians and the cause does not appear to be refractive and instead may be pathological. Pentacam done and all ok.

&gt;Retinal appears healthy. Small central vacuole opacity located on LE crystalline lens which may be causing reduced VA?

The hospital conducted the following tests:

* OCT of macula
* Spectralis optic disk assessment
* Colour photography of both fundi

The consultant ophthalmologist noted:

&gt;VA: right eye 6/5 best corrected, left eye 6/24 best corrected

&gt;6/6 pinhole

&gt;Pentacam – no irregular astigmatism

&gt;Tiny vacuoles anterior lens surface BOTH eyes, not visually significant. No lens opacity either eye.

&gt;No cause found for reduced left vision. See optician again – suspected refractive issue.

 

The Optometrist is still unable to find a prescription in my left eye that corrects for the reduced visual acuity, leaving me frustrated and in limbo. I’ve been re-referred to see a different clinical ophthalmologist and I’m currently waiting for this appointment.

Can anyone suggest other possible causes of my reduced visual acuity?
##########
24M- congenital optic atrophy. Anyone with optic atrophy have advice?
Congenital optic atrophy 

I (24m)  was diagnosed with “my best guess is congenital optic atrophy” around 4 months ago. I had to move across the country and my insurance is in state only so i didn’t get an MRI. I did a field test and he said it didn’t look like i had a brain lesion. 

I wouldn’t be covered by my insurance if i got an MRI but should i get one nonetheless? I’ve looked into optic atrophy on Reddit and it seems to be much more serious than i thought. I’ll be back in state for my insurance in November could/ should I wait?

I only have some blurry vision and like “sticky eyelids” in the morning and i never really notice any vision problems. My eyelids have also been twitching for a few months And my prescription hasn’t changed since 2020 so I’m really at a loss of what to do. 

I’m freaking out that I may have MS or something like that. Any advice would be greatly appreciated thank you
##########
23 year old women pain after eye exam
. I did my first eye exam since childhood the other day. I got a refraction for glasses and a health evaluation. They diluted them which made my eyes uncomfortable for the rest of the day as expected. Especially as a red head / blue eyes. 
I deal with seasonal allergies, and have had especially itchy eyes the last month, which my optometrist could see. She suggested eye drops to help. 
It’s been two days since the appointment and my eye with astigmatism has been having this consistent dull pain. It’s not debilitating but enough that I can’t ignore it. Sort of feels like eye strain. I’ve started using the drops to hopefully find some relief. Is this pain / sensitivity normal? 
Should I be concerned? Can I blame the allergies or should I talk to a doctor?
##########
5 year old female with small optic nerves
I took my 5yo (pale complexion, blonde hair, blue eyes) to the eye dr for her kindergarten screen. She gave me a normal work up with near perfect vision- no other physical issues. 
However she referred her to a specialist next week due to small optic nerves in both eyes. She said they should be more defined than what they are, but they didn’t necessarily seem swollen to her. She said it could possibly be drusens, but we won’t know definitively until we go and have her eyes dilated next week. Has anyone else ever dealt with this? I’m trying not to let my brain jump to more sinister causes.
##########
38M convergence or accommodation issue
Hi,

I have high myopia -6.5 ~ -7 for both eyes with slight astigmatism. Since about a few years ago I begin to experience this “strange” issue at close distance.

Basically with glasses whenever I read I feel a “glare”/phase out feeling. It is not like classical double vision but feels as if the texts are not stable and overwhelming. I need to really focus hard to make the text more “stable” and less glare. And the closer the worse it is. And the issue would kinda disappear if I close one of my eyes. However, if I remove my glasses and read closely it also feels fine. 

Looking objects afar, I don’t feel this and things look normal.


my glasses are not at full strength so I don’t know if this is something to consider.
##########
26F - gradual worsening in one eye, anything to worry about?
Prescription from this week
R SPH -2.50, CYL -0.75, AXIS 165

L SPH -1.75, CYL -0.50, AXIS 32

6 months ago, R SPH was -2.25

1.5 years ago, -1.75

2.5 years ago, -1.25

While my left eye has stayed the same during that time.

Each time, the optometrist has compared my results to the previous appointment and says "just a small change". But they never look at results from longer ago. I know some change is normal, but I'm wondering if there's a point where I should be worried about the continual change?
##########
19M-Can my power change from spherical to cylindrical lens
I went for a regular eye checkup at Lenskart (a popular optical prescription eyewear retail chain in India). They gave me a prescription of -0.5 spherical power in both of my eyes. After wearing the glasses for almost 20 days, I started having severe pain in my right eye. Then I went to an ophthalmologist. After checking my eyes, he told me I was given the wrong prescription and my actual power is 0.5 cylindrical. So, I want to ask whether Lenskart gave me the wrong prescription or if the power could shift from spherical to cylindrical lenses.
##########
29M - Prescription Issues
Hello,

29M, American, white, nicotine user (vape/pouches)

So, I got new glasses about a week ago. I never really used my old ones except for night driving. I just hadn’t gotten any glasses in about 5 years, so I figured I was due. I have noticed that I’ve been having some trouble up close recently, but it’s minor, and my old glasses resolved that, so I figured it was just the astigmatism, and didn’t mention it at my eye exam (and I figure that might still be the case, but it could be relevant for something else).

For all rx below, axis is around 90, not gonna write it every time since it’s always right around the same.

Anyway, new rx is:
OD: +0.5 SPH -0.75 CYL
OS: 0 SPH -0.5 CYL

Stuff up close looks pretty good, but my right eye, while better than without, is noticeably blurrier than my left, and just feels weird. I feel like I can see better out of the lens if I completely relax my eye. Been wearing almost full time for a week, trying to adjust, despite not usually wearing glasses.

My previous rx:
OD 0 SPH -0.75 CYL
OS 0 SPH -0.75 CYL

Since I wasn’t adjusting well to my new glasses well, I tried on my old pair the other day, and my left eye is about the same, but I see distance much clearer out of my right eye through my old glasses. Still a little blurrier than my left, but not as bad as my new glasses, and no weird feeling in right eye.

For full context, my rx two times ago (about 8 years):
OD -0.25 SPH -0.5 CYL
OS +0.25 SPH -0.5 CYL
Never fully adjusted to this either, and only wore very occasionally.

———-

My last prescription (5 years ago), was the best one of the bunch, but I couldn’t wear full time because it did cause me some eye strain, but things were at least clear.

My current rx is really bugging me, and it just feels weird and my right eye isn’t clear. I have a recheck scheduled for next Saturday, but I’m trying to figure out what’s most plausibly wrong ahead of time because I’m very impatient.

Here are my three theories:
1) My rx is right and I’m just having trouble adjusting to it. Feels wrong, but this is most likely.
2) The +0.5 in my current rx was a typo and should have been -0.5. See my post history for why I think this could be the case.
3) Since I’ve been struggling up close lately, maybe the plus is not only correct, but maybe I need more plus (latent hyperopia). I realize this wouldn’t immediately correct my distance vision and would take more time to adjust to, but it seems possible to me. I also used to wear reading glasses when I was younger to read because it made it more comfortable (at my own discretion, not after any eye exams). That might also explain why my last prescription was clearer, but hurt my eyes. 

Random other piece of possibly relevant info: I can’t get on down escalators, and haven’t been able to since I was 7. Not sure why, just can’t figure out how to get on without falling. Depth perception? Related to anything else?

I’ll know for sure in a week, but I was curious what other people thought was most likely in the meantime.
##########
24F Fresnel lens for intermittent strabismus
I (24F) have a loooong history of strabismus, so I'll try my best to be brief (TLDR at the bottom). I can't speak for my earliest experiences bc I was 2, but my records say I had "poorly controlled, 25 prism diopter, intermittent alternating exotropia in all fields of gaze on distance fixation. A well controlled, 14 prism diopter, intermittent alternating exotropia is present in primary position on near fixation." I had my first surgery at 3yo and didn't notice any significant problems until I was 16. I noticed when I stared off into space, my vision went double and I saw my eye drift out. Basically my control of the intermittent exotropia deteriorated and I got the same surgery. This left me with double vision in my peripherals, which I tried botox and prisms for but didn't see significant change, so I just dealt with it.

I didn't have any problems straight ahead until recently. As I got older, I noticed when I was tired or not sober my vision would go completely double, which wasn't super surprising or debilitating. I could see my misalignment in pictures sometimes but that was it. I am 24 now, and in the past year, it got to the point that I started waking up with double vision every few days that would be impossible to fix until later in the day, which really started to affect my daily life. I saw an optometrist who told me I am farsighted but my eyes had been compensating for it. They also thought I had Duane's syndrome, but the ophthalmologist I was referred to said that was unlikely bc I had no history of it in my records. It's hard to describe what's going on with my eyes now. To quote my new doctor, "You have a very complex situation." Long story short, he said I have consecutive monocular esotropia with variable high diopters every way I look.

My doctor told me to get a 16 diopter stick on lens on one eye. I could only get either a 15 or 20 lens, so my doctor said start with the 15, and if my measurements are consistent at my 6 week follow-up, he recommends surgery. I got the lens, and it causes me to see double everywhere. I don't know if it's because it's a high diopter or the wrong prescription, but it's only been a couple of days so I know it could take longer to adjust. I guess I'm asking if this lens is wasting my time and literal energy by causing strain or if I just need more time? Does anyone have an experience with fixing double vision looking only to the side with a lens or surgery? I am not excited about another surgery considering I keep needing more, but I don't know if there's another effective option. Sorry for being long winded and I appreciate any advice :)

TLDR: 2 past surgeries to fix intermittent exotropia, I was left with double vision to the side, control worsened over time, developed into intermittent esotropia, and now occurs more often when looking straight forward. Got a strong fresnel stick on lens that makes me see double everywhere all the time. Is this working as expected and I just need to adjust or will I likely need surgery? For rules purposes I smoke weed, take meds for migraines as well as effexor for depression/anxiety, I developed migraines a year ago, and I've always had visual snow, floaters, and lots of entoptic phenomena, I think that's all that's relevant

UPDATE: y'all.. the person who applied it put it on wrong like the wrong orientation completely, base DOWN instead of base OUT. i can see single straight forward again!! though I was already seeing single straight forward today so i'm excited to see how they do when i'm having more trouble. they aren't helping very much to the side yet, but I guess I have to adjust all over again and the lens is more for expanding my visual field rather than completely fixing the double vision anyway. if you commented thank you for your help :)
##########
31M, Spice in eye
Hi,

I have very sensitive eyes including dry eye and ocular rosacea. 
Yesterday I was eating dinner of beef containing a chili spice blend. I felt some of it hit my eye when lifting the fork. There was no initial pain so I didn't think to wash my eye. Then I felt slight pain in the center so I washed my eye briefly. I put in eye drops.
I did the same today but it hasn't changed.

What should I do?
Do I need to go to an opthalmologist to get anti inflammatory drops (maxitrol) again?
##########
17F hypersensitivity to light on accutane
I have been on accutane(isotretionin) for 2.5 months 20 mg,Since then I have dry eyes which i use artificial tears for but i also can’t look at normal light for too long whether its sun or artificial.Are there any tips?I’m 17 years old and I’m from turkey.I have SAT coming up and its digital so i need to know what to do to reduce the side effects of accutane.I went on accutane for acne and I have seen progress my dermatologist says I have 4 months to go.Also I have prescribed glasses myopia and the close sight one but the number is 1.5 not too big.I don’t wear glasses much though.
##########
38M Double Vision
Male, Asian. Have high myopia &gt; 6.5 in both of my eyes and also slight astigmatism (0.6). So my vision is never great. Usually I have no problem seeing clear images without ghosting with my prescription. but under certain circumstances I can trigger double vision. So for example if I stare at a black dot on a white background ground, initially there is only one dot. But then after a little bit my vision begins to feel weird, that as if my brain has a hard time deciding which eye to use as the dominant view, and I begin to see double images of the same dot. The interesting things is that the two dots are sort of moving a bit and there is no fixed angle/distance between them. The darker the environment the easier to trigger this. And blinking or look around will kinda “reset” the image. When the  double vision happens I can also feel that my eyes are getting fatigued quickly.


Let me know if there is anything I need to follow up with.
##########
23F lattice degeneration procedure
I had a laser procedure a few weeks ago for lattice degeneration in my left eye. I have always been nearsighted but after the procedure my vision has become worse and I no longer can see text or objects when up close. Just wondering if anyone else has had the same issue. I had a follow up with my specialist &amp; nothing was noted of concern. It’s quite annoying to have farsightedness in one eye &amp; nearsighted in the other.
##########
30M, I was mugged and punched repeatedly on the right side of my face
I was mugged and repeatedly punched in the eye.

I (30M) was mugged by a group of people, and repeatedly punched on the right side of my face. As a result my right eye is red and very sensitive to light. This happened 5 days ago. Initially, there was a lot of swelling underneath the eye. I used ice, and the swelling went away.

Thinking that the problem would go away on its own, I went only to a GP, and she gave me painkillers and an eye ointment (chloramex opthalmic ointment). That was on Monday (incident happened on Sunday night). 5 days later, and the pain has not subsided. In fact, it has worsened.

I have pain on the right side of my eye. I also get headaches that feel like they’re only affecting the right side of my brain.

The pain was usually worse in the morning when I initially opened my eyes but would become more bearable as the day progressed, so much so that I would be able to carry out normal day-to-day tasks (walking outside, using a laptop, cellphone, etc.). It wouldn’t be painful, just very uncomfortable. During this time, I noticed that if I opened only the affected eye and closed the uninjured one, I seemed to fare much better. However, if I closed the injured one and attempted to use only the uninjured one, the discomfort would slightly increase. That was the general feeling from Monday to Wednesday. I decided to just use both eyes and not close either one of them.

I am a black male, I have exercise-induced asthma and thus I only use an asthma pump when necessary. Besides that, I don’t have any other health issues.

On Thursday, same drill, woke up and the light immediately caused pain in my right eye. Surprisingly enough, it didn’t last and my eye was less sensitive to light. I assumed I was getting better.

This morning (Friday), I thought I was dying. The pain would not subside no matter what I did. I avoided light, still the pain in my right eye would not go away. I’ve had an enormous headache all day. I eventually made my way to an optometrist. He did an eye test and discovered that my vision isn’t impaired in any way. I could see from the injured eye just fine. He has referred me to an ophthalmologist. I’ve made an appointment and will be going tomorrow morning.

I’ve just wrapped ice with a towel and put it on the eye. The relief was almost instant, and I now regret not having done this sooner.

I don’t wear glasses, and have no previous issues with my eyes.

Anyway, any theories on what’s going on with my eye?
##########
40M with 3rd occurance of Central Serous Corioretinopothy. What to ask? Treatment possibilites?
Back in June of 2020 during the pandemic, I had my first bout of CSR. After visiting the ophthalmologist, the doctor and I decided to wait to see if it would go away on its own and it did. It was completely healed within 3 weeks with no change in visual acuity afterwards. After a 3 month followup with no sign of problems, I figured it was just a random experience and I was good to go. Well 6 months later in December 2020, it came back but not as bad as the first time. The second time, I was dumb and didn’t go to the ophthalmologist and just let it go away on its own again, which it did, but this time it took a bit longer to go away, about a month and a half. After the second occurance, I noticed a permanent very slight graying of vision in my left eye. My BCVA was better than 20/20 though but my contrast sensitivity and night vision took a tiny but noticeable hit. Well here we are in 2024 and after 3.5 years of no recurrances, it has come back, but this time it’s also not nearly as bad as the 1st and 2nd times. I have an appointment next week with my retina specialist (I’m not going to be dumb this time). Is there anything I should discuss with my doctor about this? It seems to be leaking from the same spot every time, is there a way I can permanently seal that spot?

EDIT: I really should have proofread the title of this post lol. My apologies for the misspellings.
##########
18F (East Asian) - Brown spot on white of eye
Hi everyone, 

Yesterday I noticed this small brown patch in my right eye but on the white part. It’s pretty faint, but now that I know it’s there, it is really bothering me.

I really want to know what this spot is and if there is any way to prevent it from getting darker/bigger or even making it disappear all together. 

Any info is greatly appreciated! I’ve linked an image below on imgur. 


##########
27F seeing lightning bolts but no detachment
Hi! I’m 27F, have marfans syndrome, don’t smoke or drink or do recreational drugs. Take bisoprolol for the marfans. I am -14 in both eyes.

I underwent two surgeries last year for a retinal detachment in my left eye, I had 2 scleral buckles as the first one failed. This has led me to be very anxious about any vision changes and I am currently in therapy due to the impact it’s had on me.

Over the last 4 months I have seen lightning bolts in both eyes, they come on randomly, last a few seconds and then disappear. I’ve been back to the eye hospital multiple times since then to get it checked with a dilated exam and they have said each time that everything looks absolutely fine and to only really worry if I see the shadow or curtain again. 

Everything you read online says the lightning bolts are a sign of a tear and something to be worried about. How worried do I need to be? Am I eventually going to detach? Could it be years from now? Every time I see one I freak out a little bit so any extra insight would be great.

Thank you
##########
34/F Swollenness Back of Right Eye
Hello! Woke up two days ago feeling like my eye was itchy so rubbed it a bit and it got very irritated. Was red basically all day but with eye drops and some Tylenol it got better. Since then I generally haven’t had much irritation but the back of my eye looks really swollen or like there’s a dent in my eye. I’ve scoured the internet looking for anything similar and can’t find anything. I’ve been taking Tylenol and Benadryl and doing a cold compress and it’s stayed basically the same. 

Any help is appreciated! 
Photo and Video of Eye: [link](
##########
38M wobbly transparent liquid in frontal chamber
I have intraocular lens installed in this eye due to trauma 25 years ago. And i have high eye pressure, i use Cosopt drops against high pressure, which do not help too much, pressure is still slightly higher than another eye. Retina is in healthy condition according to OCT and a bunch of other tests 6 months ago.

Recently i noticed issues with vision, a lot of bloom around contrasty objects, difficult to read text from screen due to halos and doubling. So i looked in the mirror and noticed that there is a difference - this eye have some liquid jiggly appearance when i move it (video), while another eye does not.



Distance vision is much better but still a bit glary. Healthy eye does not have any issues, so i can perfectly see with one eye closed. And since the damaged eye can't focus (due to IOL) i don't rely on it. In before i didn't have issues with one eye being unable to focus close distance, i could comfortably work with smallest font size, now i can't. Somehow input from damaged eye isn't ignored anymore, and resulting vision is compromised. I can only use low-contrast large screen for text.

Of course i'm going to visit a clinic. But being in foreign (non english, nor my native language speaking) country, i want to be prepared ))

How serious is the situation in your opinion?

Thanks in advance for your attention
##########
23 yo F, eye pain, pink eye
Female 23 Yo, 

Pink eye is going around my office. I have had eye pain for about 4 days now. It started as a pain when I looked up or to the side. Now it’s just a full consistent ache. I went to the dr and they said it’s most likely pink eye as well due to the fact it was going around at work. However I do not have any redness or discharge, is this common for pink eye? How long should I expect this pain to last?
##########
6M , Oculoplasty for my 6 year old son
My 6-year-old son has had a drooping eye since birth. A pediatric ophthalmologist in Dubai recommended surgery. Previously, doctors in Madurai, India, advised that it might improve with age. My son struggles to look up, although his vision is unaffected. In Madurai, I was told that if he undergoes surgery, he might not be able to close his eye completely. I am seeking advice on whether oculoplastic surgery is 100% safe for his eye and if he will face any post-surgery issues. Thank you.
##########
9M hurts above eyelids when rolling eyes up, down, sideways etc
Son is complaining of it hurting just above eyelids when rolling eyes around. There is no redness, swelling or bruising. No vision changes, blurriness or aversion to light etc.

He did get butted a little bit in the nose a couple of days ago by our dog but I didn't see it happen. Didn't seems very hard so wondering if it could be that?

Any advice?

Thank you!
##########
25, woman: swollen lacrimal glands for no reason at all??
I am going insane trying to find out why my lacrimal glands are swollen. They are not red, they are not EXCESSIVELY swollen (someone that doesn’t know me wouldn’t even notice, but I can clearly see how the whole part under the eyebrow is swollen, prominent. If I lift my eyebrows I can see where the fluid is stagnating), no discharge, no problem with my eyes or vision whatsoever. 
To provide some context, I am a 25-year-old woman, short-sighted, healthy. I don’t smoke and I drink a beer from time to time. 
I had a flu about a month ago. Nothing special. On the very last days I noticed that my left eyelid was a bit swollen and red. I thought it was a pinkeye at first but I didn’t have any symptoms. I wear contact lenses and I’ve had pink eye before, along with other eye infections, but this time it really wasn’t affecting the eye. Anyway, I stopped wearing lenses for a few days just to be sure, and soon the eyelid dried and became flaky. 
I suffer from seborroic dermatitis on my scalp. It happened only once that it reached my eyebrows (just the eyebrows, not the forehead) and lasted for a few days, so I thought this was a similar situation. 
So I waited and both the swelling and the flaky skin went away, and that is when the swollen glands came. 

I thought it was an allergic reaction to some product I was using, I threw away my micellar water because I thought it was the culprit, and since then the swelling comes and goes but even if not excessive, it is still, always, there. I don’t have any another symptom, like I said, but sometimes I do feel that my eyelids are heavy because the swollen skin above is falling on them (I already have hooded eyelids and this is not helping). 
I bought a bioderma cream to apply for hydration, avene cream to remove make up, I am trying to use delicate and hypoallergenic products, and I’ve been applying doing that for more than two weeks now. Still it doesn’t seem to make a big difference. 
I haven’t stopped using make up at all, because it doesn’t seem to make any difference if I use it or not (today I am not wearing any and still they are swollen) but I threw away my kiko mascara and replaced it with another one and I am just, rarely, applying concealer (not on the eyes) and mascara. 

Seeing a doctor now is difficult because I am leaving the country in a few days, and dermatological appointments are difficult to get in a short time (I need to go to my gp and then I need to be referred to another doctor and then I have to hope that the Italian healthcare system has a place for me that is not three months from now). Honestly I am looking for any kind of advice. I am trying to consider every possibility that includes an allergy because that sounds like the most plausible explanation, but I’ve even considered that maybe it’s water retention?? I don’t know. Any advice is welcome. Thanks
##########
21F. Is it possible to have corneal thickness below 400 and live with no complications?
I had femtolasik 2 years ago. Corneal thickness before was 510 microns, high prescription(-6 myopia -4.5 astigmatism)

My current corneal thickness is below 400 (i don’t know exact scores since my surgery clinic never did any examinationsafter surgery, except refractometry).

Im really scared of getting post LASIK ectasia since im already struggling with dry eyes for these whole 2 years.

I don’t know any people who live with cornea this thin and haven’t found info online yet so asking here.

Is it possible to live normally with cornea this thin? What’s the % of risk to got ectasia?

TIA
##########
35M Solar retinopathy? Anxiety
Please note I chose flashes but my emissue of concern is a red blotch that appeared in the field of vision briefly after accidentally looking at the sun for 1-3 seconds. Really less than 2 before I glanced away. My pupils dilation may or may bot have been relevant but it was somewhat dark as I didn allow a few minutes for my eyes to adjust to a darker room to brighter light there was. A bit of light bot total darkness but I'm nit sure if that factors in....Please read all below to understand where I am coming from. Hopefully it doesn't sound too jumbled and all over the place Im typing thus a bit anxious. Thanks! I Do appreciate it!

I regularly see my eye doctor yearly or now every two with my current insurance. Other than having had corrective eye surgery at age 10 I have no diagnosed eye conditions other than just needing corrective lens at 20/50 I believe it could be better I'm not sure. No other medical issues other than prediabetic at 5.7 A1C which dissipated after diet and exercise. 

So I want to preface this with the fact that I have never been diagnosed with Anxiety or been asked for questions but sometimes I've been prone to it. I guess my concern with this post is around solar retinopathy and to be clear I understand this is not a primary medical advice source. I do have a Eye Doctor woth optometrist and a couple of Opthamologists. I see them 2x a year with my insurance although would like to see them yearly.

I guess a lot of my question and concern and possible anxiety in being a 'Google patient' which I do try not to be but reading anything is usually a domino effect and I get anxious temporarily.

I should also note that a lot if this stems from the recent eclipse. Even with the glasses I was scared to look at the sun and didn't. I was in the path of total totality in Indianapolis (suburbs) and was watching on the news so when it happened I looked up without glasses for maybe 3 seconds to licate the sun and had trouble doint so. I was intending to put on the shades immediatley but then I looked away and freaked out because I saw cobb webbs and spider type things when it was dark that diaippated. Luckily I called my Dr and she listened and gave me signs too look for and concerns to call her back but she was not to worried. Luckily other than a headache a frw hours later which may have been to drinking the night before my vision was fine that day other than the cobb webb which really scared me and the next day...I did not continue to view the eclipse and only looked down at the ground as it came out if totality I just wanted to feel the temperature drop really. 

Anyhow I apologize for all that information but it may explain where my prior experience might play into this possible anxiety.

This happened today as in at 6:00 and I did speak with my after care/emergency physician who's a optometrist and he eased a lot of my anxiety and fear  and listened to what I'll describe below and he said not to worry. The other doctor said the same thing last time around. This is a medical group I that I deem reputable and trustable as well.

So what I'm concerned about and would love secondary input, advice, or maybe I'm just using this as a 2nd opinion just to be safe albiet I do trust the doctor  I spoke with it never hurts.

So for the past week I've been at home nursing a foot issue and thus haven't been in the sunlight I've had had lights on but this morning I woke up in the dark and didn't acclimating my eyes to very bright light. It was sunrise and still dark though with just a ambient tree light and bathroom light with shades down. I finally decided to open the blinds and looked out to see ifnI could see if the sun was starting to rise and if there were clouds. I glanced out and the sun was directly in my field of vision. I staired unentionally for maybe 2 seconds or less honestly I think it was really 1 second or less but I definitely feel that it was 3 seconds or less and then I looked away but when I did for the next minute definitely less than 2 minutes I went into the bathroom and toggled the lights on and alsontested it with off and for that next minute I did see a red splotch like a laser of redish to pink circle that sort of stayed in my field if vision. I don't know if it stayed put nut when I moved my eyes it either stayed there or followed field of vision but I could see just fine everything else but because of everything I said above it scared me and now even despite speaking to my a medical optometrist aka the aftercare emergency I'm still on edge just from what I've read on a host of different sites about not being able to feel pain it showing symptoms after 12 hours. It happened at sunrise or a little past maybe 7 or 7:30am and now it's 11am. So after that minute or possibly 2 min bur really just 1 it did dissipate with every second that went by and certainly as I turned on  multiple lights and opened windows again for natural light it dissipated even faster. My vision has been fine and seems completely normal the thing I fear is the symptoms may not appear until 12 hours after which will be 6 to 8pm. I called another eye surgery after hours line and left a message but I am not there patient and not sure the message even went through and I don't want to be overly concerned. My doctor didn't elaborate but he did say it us usually some very interesting cases with solar retinopathy and so I figured people with mental issues, addicts children. He advised me I'll be fine and not to worry but did mention black spots or widening vision. Other than thst other than the floaters which are normal as I've discussed I have usually in brighter light and definitely on a sunny day but normal indoor light I do not see them. Other than that my vision thus far seems completely normal to me.


Anyways THANK you to who ever reads this and I'm hoping I can hear at least 1 reply from a medial professional however long would be greatly appreciated. Thank you again and have a nice weekend.
##########
31 M trouble focusing
Hi all

Not sure if this is the right place to ask this but here we go anyways

Over the last couple of months l've noticed that at times l've been having a hard time focusing my eyes. My vision will blur while reading something and I can force my eyes to focus for a second but then they just get blurt again. I notice it most when l'm trying to read smaller things (small numbers or codes on gift cards or on my drivers license etc.) and also sometimes when I'm working (l'm a welder so l have to focus on a small light through my welding mask) but l've also noticed it when I'm just trying to read the text on my phone sometimes.

I'm not sure if this is an eye thing or a mental things so I went and got an eye exam and they said I needed a slight prescription and recommended glasses for driving at night but didn't really say anything when I asked about the blurriness.

Just wondering if this rings a bell to anyone alt all, when I searched about it I got a lot of mixed reviews, a lot of places said it might be eye related but l also saw a lot of ADHD talk saying it could be that.

Any advice is appreciated and thanks in advance for your attention.
##########
3x worse astigmatism in less than 1 year
Feeling a bit anxious about having gone from .75 to 2.0 in a year. Optometrist said eyes looked good and healthy, but was quite surprised and said it was big change. I mentioned GLP-1 usage (non-diabetic) and he said if it was a blood sugar change, there would be changes in both eyes. I’m 44 and take HRT, have Hashi’s which is well managed, but a bit alarmed about this. Is this a very atypical change? Anything I can do to prevent worsening or perhaps improve it slightly? Thanks!
##########
22F, Flash at the top of my vision.
Hi! So I (22F) have been experiencing this for a few months now, but it comes and goes. My prescription is -8.00 (Right) and -7.75 (Left). My last eye exam was just before Christmas and I had never experienced these flashes yet, the flashes started a few months ago (and also, the eye test was totally fine, nothing out of the ordinary was seen). I don't smoke or drink, and am on no medications. Family history of blood pressure problems and EDS.

[This]( is what the flash looks like every time it happens. It doesn't move around, it doesn't appear anywhere else, just at the top of my vision. As far as I'm aware it's in both eyes, but it may be only the one, I'm not sure as it's only ever happened when both of my eyes are open so it's hard to tell. It seems to happen almost exclusively when I look up, I look at screens quite a lot (almost 24/7) and I'm also in the dark quite often (not pitch dark, but dark enough that my eyes need to reajust to light occasionally). I was thinking that this is potentially the cause? My eyes not getting much light so when they do that flash happens? I don't think it's anything serious, but I am quite confused about why it's happening.

Can a flash like that be caused by stress or other things like dehydration? I've had a stressful few months, maybe that's what started it?

Anyways, thanks for any replys! I have a eye appointment booked for tomorrow, but I just thought I'd stick a post up on here to see what others think.
##########
27F Combining prescriptions for eyeglasses and contacts?
Hi, I (27F) was told a few years ago that my prescription was too strong for contacts. Mostly I’m fine with wearing glasses 24/7, but I hate how thick the lenses are, how much it limits what type and shape of frames I can get, and the fact that it distorts my face through the lenses (you can see through my head on the outside edges of the lenses). 

I know they’re very different, but is there anyway I could combine prescriptions for contacts and glasses to wear both at the same time at lower powers for both? I’m already wearing the highest index lenses I can and it’s just not solving my problems. I’m fine to keep wearing glasses, I just don’t want them to be SO strong. 

My prescription is 
OD (SPH) -10.00 (CYL) -1.00 Axis 62
OS (SPH) -10.00 (CYL) -1.25 Axis 124

As far as I understand it, my eyes are very myopic with a touch of astigmatism. I am white, no drug or alcohol use, I’ve been wearing glasses since I was 5, and I have no other conditions relating to my eye (like the doctor said there’s no signs of retinal detachment or anything like that.)

I’d normally ask my eye doctor this, but my insurance doesn’t cover exams at all, so I figured I’d ask it here to avoid the extra cost in case it’s a lost cause. TIA!
##########
29f bump under eyelid
I do have a follow up appointment. 29f, Hispanic and white. I only take prenatals rn. Not currently pregnant. Noticed first lump April 2023. Over a year ago I started to feel a bump on my left eye under my eyelid. It isn't visible unless I flip my eyelid up and look down. Then if you take a picture you can see a whiteish lump thats in-between my eyelid and eye. It's near the bottom left corner of my eye lid. I am now getting a lump I can feel in the same spot on my right eye. I was originally told to try a warm compress. And see if that helps. And if not to come back. We then left state for a few months due to husband's job. So I've been doing the warm compress and massages while we've been out of state. Now me and my kids will be back in town so I've a follow up about it now. But any clue what it could be. My left eye does have pain with it. It feels like it's being pressed on or a achy feeling. Not always it comes and goes. And it often feels dry and itchy. My right eye has become itchy, which is how the left eye first started. 

Eta: my left eyes vision is more blurry then my other eye. I do wear glasses I started needing/wearing them when I was 22
##########
31F - Punctal plug migrated into duct. Doc said this lump is probably a harmless stone or something. I'm convinced it's the plug.
[Photos.](

31F USA. White. Unknown mass/object near tear duct, about a week. Current meds: Adderall 20mg/day, fluoxetine 10mg/day. For eyes: Tobradex 4x/day, PF tears 5-6x/day. Drink socially. No drugs. No smoking.

Silicone punctal plug migrated into LL canaliculus several months ago. Same thing happened on the right side, which developed acute canaliculitis and required surgery six weeks ago. (They found TWO plugs in there. long story. it's been fucking awful.) Surgeon decided not to operate on left eye, as it was asymptomatic and not bothering me (yet), although they did confirm the plug was in there and diagnosed with canalicular stenosis. Totally understand not operating yet - can confirm the post-op is a pain in the ass, and that it never quite heals back to 100% once it's cut.

About a week ago I went back in because the stent in my right eye had come out and needed to be replaced. While there, I mentioned I thought my left eye was starting to become symptomatic (mainly discharge). I said I thought I could see and feel the plug through the skin of my inner eyelid. Dr. examined it under the scope and said they didn't think it looked like a plug - maybe a concretion or something else but probably harmless and to monitor it. At the end of the appointment Dr. probed the left canaliculus and said they felt no obstruction, no soft stop, was able to successfully probe the entire length of the canaliculus, and that the white object I was seeing was interior to the probe / the probe passed over it.

I am really worried that this is still the plug and that, given its position interior to the canaliculus, that it's eroding through the posterior surface of the canaliculus. Took pics in different lighting and I mean. It looks EXACTLY like the outer flange of a silicone plug. Same size, same shape, hole in the middle, and it seems a little too coincidental that all of these things would happen at the same time and not be the same cause.

Hoping someone will tell me I'm wrong and that it's some common harmless thing. But if it IS the plug, I desperately want to remove it before it goes all the way through. I've seen pics of the surgery to remove those and it looks rough.

Thanks all. &lt;3
##########
22M seeing stars when coughing
I have done eye tests with a specialist and he said everything was fine ,but didn’t answer my questions

So far I have been seeing heart beats in my vision and if I cough hard or clear my nose I see small black stars in the Conner of my eye 

If I cough even harder sometimes I see like a weird aura or the Conner of my eye is being pushed (black) like when you look to the extreme Conner of your eyes 
Any help is appreciated
##########
16M rare watery eyes cause
i need help please

I have experienced watery eyes for the past 3 years, and i have seen a few specialists and doctors about it. Before anyone tells me i have dry eye and need tear drops, or that i need to warm compress - i've tried that and those arent the solutions to my problem. 

The opthamologist said the issue lies within my eyelid composition, that my eyes are a bit further back in my head, so not all the tears are draining properly, and most that are created are sitting there. 

Its worth mentioning i noticed that this problem is increased in cold windy places, but for some reason, it may be neural or something i dont understasnd but it doesnt happen when im with my friends in group environments but all the time im by myself it is excessive watering.

That being said does anyone suffer from the eye composition induced watery eyes and if so do any of you have tips to minimise or treat this without surgery because the opthamologist said he wont do surgery for me as im young (16 M)
##########
29F Third nerve palsy, specialist recommendation
I’ve seen multiple neuro ophthalmologists and neurologists for my condition. I had a traumatic neck injury from a severe osteopathic manipulation a year ago. I have many signs of third nerve palsy. No doctor thus far has suggested it. My MRIs appear normal. Lately it’s been suggested that I have myasthenia gravis but to me, it makes more sense that it’s a nerve palsy since my symptoms started right after the manipulation. My symptoms are only getting worse. Does anyone have a suggestion as to which doctor I could see who would be able to diagnosis 3rd nerve palsy very well? Not just any neuro ophthalmologist. I need one who has a lot of experience with third (oculomotor) nerve palsy. I’m located in rural Pennsylvania in the US and willing to travel. Thanks.
##########
48F Reading glasses on top of contacts.
I'm highly myopic (about -10.5 with slight astigmatism below -1.0) with an ADD of 1.75 per my current eyeglass prescription.

My contact lens (-9.5) currently only correct for myopia. I'd like to get reading glasses to be used on top of my contacts. Am I right in assuming that the reading glasses should correspond to the ADD of 1.75?

I tried OTC reading glasses (available at +0.5 increment) at +1.5 and +2.0 both of which seem not to provide sufficient magnification. +2.5 let me read well but tires my eyes and gives me a headache after prolonged usage.

If I get a custom reading glasses, should I go for +1.75 in accordance to my ADD? Or would +2.25 make more sense since +2.0 is blurry but +2.5 might be too strong?
##########
31F retinal lesion undiagnosed
***UPDATE 8/27 AT THE BOTTOM***

On 6/24 I got imaging and was told it might be CSR but they are unsure if that's it. I'm having a distorted spot in my peripheral vision that started on April 9th (after the solar eclipse but I took precautions including ISO certified eclipse glasses)

-no current medication but previously was (sept '23)
-stopped my celexa and vyvanse 70mg in September of last year
-ADHD and depression 
-normal BP (usually 120/80)



-white female 
-dont drink (less than 4× a year)
-quit smoking in January but relapsed in March and have smoked lightly this year off and on
No recreational drug use

On 7/15 (today) I got new imaging at the retina specialist but they still are unsure about the diagnosis. 

The doctor didn't really seem interested in figuring out what is was (he seemed annoyed that I had any questions at all) and said that the working diagnosis could be solar retinopathy and that I could either wait and observe what happens or make an appointment to start some injections. 

Linked below is the updated images and I would really appreciate any insight you could have because I would really like to know if I should get a second opinion before starting treatment for my undiagnosed issue

I'm also really worried about any injections into my eye, it's kind of my worst nightmare so any insight on to how to make sure I don't move my eyes during the procedure or what I can do to curb my fear about the whole process is appreciated.

Updated OCT: OCT scan 7/15 



***I saw a retina specialist and got fluorescent scans as well
The results were that I have Choroidal neovascular membrane of right eye and my doctor had me get a lot of blood tests and a chest scan to see what could be the cause or the disease that is causing inflammation and messing with my eye. 

I didn't have a lot of what she tested for and she mentioned we might do tests for other inflammatory diseases if that was the case. I go back for more treatments (I'm getting some eye injections to help with the eye vascularization) and I'm hoping for some more answers then. She mentioned a lupus and some other things so I think we'll test for that next because I didn't have sarcoidosis or anything else she tested for. 

I did have an abnormal reault on my blood test -
high Mean Platelet Volume and I've had that result on my previous blood tests since 2021. 

I have my eye imaging and the results of the visit with the retina doctor attached here:

##########
2 year old foreign object in eye
My son (2M) had a big flat object in his eye. I walked out of the room for one second to google what to do. My MIL and my husband were in the room with my son. My MIL decided to just use her finger to get it out. I asked them “where did it go?” She said “I don’t know.” I asked my husband “you were there. Did you see if she got it out? Where did it go?” He said “I don’t know.” So this makes me think it’s still in his eye but somewhere stuck in the back of his eye.  He is not rubbing his eye anymore or whining like something’s in there like he was before. So even if he doesn’t feel it, could it still be in there? Or the fact that he’s not complaining anymore, does that mean it’s gone?

Also, I did call nurse advice line after what my MIL did. They said since he’s not showing any symptoms or he doesn’t seem in pain or bothered by anything anymore, that all we can do is just wait and see. She also said to put his eyeball in water and have him blink a few times which I did already. I didn’t see anything come out. 

I am worried that it is that it’s still in there and it’s gonna get infected. I’m thinking of setting an emergency appointment with his pediatrician Monday morning. Any advice? Thank you.
##########
16F with spot in the white of eye
There's this yellowish/brownish spot in the white of my eye and I think it's been growing. I've had it for about 3-4 years, or at least that's when i noticed it because I usually don't look at my eyes. But looking at it now I think it's gotten bigger and has also spread like below my eye in a line or something. Above the spot there's also this grayish line or something. Sorry for the bad explanations but I've included multiple pictures here to help explain what I'm talking about. (Sorry if they look a little creepy lol I had to make sure it was visible). 


##########
26M Eyestrain with my new glasses, even after a second appointment (Myopia)
So I went to my optometrist to get new glasses, as someone who wears mainly daily contacts, since I have been recommended to skip contacts one day per week to let my eyes breathe. My old glasses also gave me eye strain, so I though my prescription might have to be updated.

My prescription went from -4.00 left eye and -4.50 right eye to -3.50 left eye and -4.25 right eye. However, my new glasses give me eyestrain, especially on the left eye, despite me being able to see everything clearly.

I went back and my prescription was adjusted to decrease the left eye prescription fo -3.25 with with a 0.25 increase in astigmatism correction. But it didn't seem to solve the problem.

My optimetrist recommended me to try wearing it for a few days to see if it would get better, and also prescribed me eye drops, but nothings worked. She thought that my problem might be dry eyes, but I don't have any eyestrain when wearing contacts, even when spending time in front of a screen. She seems to have no idea what the problem might be at this point.

I feel pretty discouraged by the whole situation, especially when the whole reason I ordered new glasses was so that I could be comfortable in them.

Could it be due to the lense material? I've been told they should be top quality, and they added a new technology to the options: I don't remember the name, but it apparently came out around Fall 2023 and I was supposed to be a good candidate for it, but I'm not so sure now.

I'll also mention that after trying to wear my glasses for multiple days, I now switch between my new glasses and contacts with my old prescriptions now, depending on the day. I tried contact samples that had my new prescription, however, and didn't have any discomfort unlike with the glasses.
##########
43F Monovision prescription question
I saw a new eye doctor recently and I’m a little confused on the prescription he gave me. 

I wear contacts, and I was previously at -2.5 on my right eye and -3.0 on my left eye. 

The new doctor says I need reading glasses now, but suggested a monovision prescription instead. 

The new rx is -2.75 in my right eye and -2.5 in left eye. I could tell that I needed a stronger prescription to see far away so I wasn’t surprised by the increase to -2.75, but the -2.5 in left eye has me confused. My vision is still blurry in my left eye. Is that how monovision works? A lesser rx for reading?
##########
28M - Transient superior visual field defect following eclipse
For 3 months following the eclipse my eyes have felt a bit off. I am grateful I don't notice any scotoma, metamorphopsia or loss of acuity and my doctor said there are no signs of damage. I'm still a little spooked at what I could have done and wanted to ask if anyone has any thoughts on this presentation.

Fields: [

+2 days: notice something "off" OD. Superior visual field defect on 24-2. OCT is clear; parafovea thickness flagged at 350μm OU (fovea 280, perifovea 290). The defect corresponds with some "subjective" dimness I noticed at the time.

+4 weeks: a dark, circular floater appears in the same region as the defect

+6 weeks: repeat field and defect resolved. There's some residual superior "arc" that I'm not sure I had before (last VFT was in 2017, and was all 0s).

I used 12321-2 glasses when centrally fixating on the eclipse. I can't remember exactly, but I might've had the eclipse in that portion of the field while taking cell phone photos. Maybe that carelessness did me in?

I've read comments here that solar retinopathy can only affect the fovea. What most likely explains these findings? Swelling / refractive issue / panicked pt?

Thank you for taking the time to read &amp; reply.
##########
52F Essential Iris Atrophy and SNRI medication
I am Caucasian &amp; have had bilateral Essential Iris Atrophy for almost 20 years. I have been told by a few ophthalmologists that I need to keep check on my eye pressure due to increased chance of getting glaucoma due to this.  I’ve had depression for going on 15 years.   I’m currently on Cymbalta 60MG and have been for 10+ years. I am supposed to be switching over to Effexor next week.  I see that many different antidepressants have the potential side effect of closed angle glaucoma.   I’m worried because of my eye condition.  Should I have to worry about that with changing meds?  I do not drink, use recreational drugs or smoke.  Thanks in advance!
##########
31 M diagnosed with peripheral cystoid degeneration
Went into a retinal specialist clinic this morning regarding some flashes in my right eye. Same eye was diagnosed with this degeneration. Doctor didn't really give me a good description of what it is, but didn't seem too worried about it in regards to my symptoms. What exactly is it and can it cause issues in the future?
##########
29M - Help with squint
I have a little squint, but it affects My self image quite a lot. When I look with My left eye dominant, the right eye turns towards the left eye. What can I do by Myself that would help lessen or resolve this problem? (I don't remember how long it lasted - as long as I remember. No medications - I don't take any.)
I've seen exercises online with beads etc.
##########
42F Tear Duct Irrigation
I’ve had a watery eye for the past month. I saw the eye doctor today and she suggested that the tear duct should be irrigated. The procedure is scheduled in a couple weeks. The doctor explained the procedure, but I want to hear people’s experiences with recovery, as she made the procedure seem like it wasn’t a big deal. Will my eye be swollen and/or bruised after? I have to return to work a couple days after so I’m trying to figure out what to expect.
##########
28F - Cause for concern?
Could anyone tell me if my vision is in imminent danger? 

July 2024 - 

OCT RNFL - 76 superior temporal thinning, 96
Oct GCC - normal OU 
Mild pallor, crowded OD - no edema / crowded OS 
No Edema OS
Pupils - (right) sluggish / trace APD 
Pressure 17 / 16 
Dist sc 20/20


April 2024 - 

HVF: od enlarged bs, os normal
OCT RNFL: od 81, superior temporal thinning, inferior thickening os 102, superior and inferior thickening oct gcc: normal ou
OCT Macula: normal ou
Fundus: trace edema OU, od choroidal nevus temporal to macula, os 2 inferior temporal choroidal nevi.
* EXAM WAS FOLLOWING DX OF IIH*

Neuro-ophthalmologist wants to do a recheck in 2 months but didn’t seem concerned at all with these findings, although she did order some blood work.

The thinning of my nerve and the APD really have me nervous. I have very mild visual symptoms - floaters in my left eye and some very mild pain in my right eye. 

I’m very new to anything being wrong with my eyes as I’ve always had perfect vision and never had an eye exam prior to March of this year so please be kind. Will provide additional info if necessary.
##########
24M Eye focusing and accommodation issues (intermittent strabismus) post LASIK
Hello all, I've had LASIK on August 6th, 2021 and am currently experiencing bad symptoms which I need help with almost three years out.

Over the past couple months I have this symptom where my vision intermittently blurs and I can't focus, the cause is unknown and providers haven't really helped whatsoever.

Here's a link to how it is: [

Furthermore, with or without glasses I experience vertical ghosting (double vision) on everything and I focus on something for too long my vision blurs and splits into two images which is pretty awful and debilitating.   
  
When I cover one eye the double vision goes away but the blurriness remains.   
  
The blurring happens roughly every thirty seconds like my eyes have trouble making out the image.

I think it's some type of misalignment considering that when it occurs, my mother has pointed out that my left eye turns inward.

The left one turns inward with glasses or without which is concerning. I notice that every time it turns my vision blurs and loses focus but I \*will\* it back to it being normal if that make sense.

I'm planning to see a neuro-optometrist to see if I can get it treated in order to hopefully go back to work ASAP and not go the disability route as I have trouble reading and doing tasks most of the day.   
  
I really dislike my vision after LASIK and it's almost ruined my life.  
  
I hope that prism glasses and vision therapy if needed will fix the issue.

([

I've seen a lot of specialists in the past who have stated it's dry eye but I've been treating that and the symptoms have remained the same.

I got a scan done specifically to see if I have higher order aberrations and I don't have any significant ones.

I'll post a link to various pictures and anything related to the issue here: [

I'm just in disbelief on what it can be and I don't know what to do next, having my vision blur in and out so often is very brutal and I can't cope with these symptoms too much longer.

If this doesn't work, I could try sclerals but that's really it I think and I'm stuck with low quality, extremely unstable vision.
##########
30M - Question about late onset solar retinopathy
All the academic literature and resources I've seen say that symptoms of solar retinopathy appear within days/weeks. This has left me confused about a couple of news anecdotes where patients/doctors report symptoms after long time horizons:

[

&gt;It can take up to 7 months for a retina burn to show up

[

Watched 1982 eclipse, scotoma appeared in 2007 (30 years later).

&gt;"Sometimes the damage takes years to show up, in which it did in my case. Stress and aging can cause it to swell and become visible."

[

Watched 1960s eclipse, "years later" noticed the scotoma in one eye.

By what process does this damage "lay dormant" and appear years later?

Would the damage have been visible on OCT, but the brain was "filtering it out" until later age? Or are these cells still alive, and die sooner from the oxidative stress?
##########
34M - CSCR in both eyes,reluctant for laser treatment ?
I have been facing recurring cscr in both eyes . I have severe illness/health anxiety and medical procedures. 

In 2020 , I was diagnosed with right eye csr , it was first time , I searched whole internet , it was reassuring that it went away on its own . then after a year I got it on my left eye . I thought it will go away on its own . It did . then again I got it on right eye and left eye at a time . taken eprelone tablets , did oct after 3 months there was no fluid in both eye . but after a month I got it again in right eye . Doctor told me to wait for a month to observe . Because this time cscr came due to my health anxiety and I was in stress thinking about my illness .if fluid don’t go on its own then he will go for angiography and laser . Being an anxious person I am in stress that laser will cause damage to my eye and read somewhere on Internet that some people got macular scar after having laser . Also paranoid about the procedure that it is painful . 

Guys who already have done laser please give me some hope . How was the laser treatment ? Was it painful ? when laser light falls on retina , did you feel burning sensation?
##########
36F Recurrent Eyelid BCC
Recurrent periocular BCC

So my wife (36F) has a recurrent BCC in the lower eyelid. It appeared 4 years ago, was excised via biopsy only and not acted on. It recurred 3 years ago and was treated with MOHS surgery. It was smaller than 4mm. It recurred again. It recurred in the same spot. Dead center in the left lower eyelid. 

My wife is super vigilant, it was biopsied at 2mm, and the path report says that it is BCC Extending to Marginal Edges.

My question is… what is the the typical next step here? What outcomes should we expect? Our provider is a Occuloplastic Surgeron…should we have an oncologist? Should we be doing more than MOHS?
##########
8 year olds eyes already red - please help
8M year old son has constantly red eyes, see photo. It’s been like this for years. The doctors say it’s allergies but allergy medication doesn’t make it go away and his eyes aren’t itchy or watering. Any advise??? Everyone thinks it’s pink eye but it’s not. 

No medications or existing conditions. Tonsils have been removed 3 years ago. 


##########
21F should I return my glasses?
I would really appriciate some perspective on this, i feel a little bit crazy. 

( 21F, white british, physically fit/healthy) 

I (21F) had an eye test last year (2023). Where they told me my vision was bad and that i had a black spot in the back of my eye that needed extra tests. 
(I didn't buy glasses because I couldn't afford them at the time)

They ask me to come back in a year to see if the black spot or my vision has changed. So I come back and there has been no change to the black spot but my "vision is significantly worse" . 
They insist i buy glasses and pay extra for a UV protective film on them too. 
(The cheapest glasses plus the tests was around £200)

I try my glasses out for 2 weeks. I find it incredibly hard to wear them for long periods of time. And get eye strain and headaches while wearing them. 
(Never experienced eye strain that caused headaches before glasses)
I decided to compare the results to actually see if my eyes have changes and dig up the 2023 results to compare. 

My 2024 prescription is: 
SPH.   CYL.   AXIS
R.    -0.25.  -0.50  90.0
L.   0.00.  -0.75.  80.0

My 2023 prescription was: 
       SPH.   CYL.   AXIS
R.    0.00.  -0.50  90.0
L.   -0.25.  -0.75.  80.0

My right and left eye have swapped prescription? Is that error? 
Could the -0.25 just be depending on tired/sleep/caffine that day? 
Is it worth even wearing the glasses? 
Should i return them? 

(The astigmatism has always been the same, Doesn't really make much difference with or without the glasses tbh) 

Thank you :)
##########
1 (30F overweight, UK) recently went for a routine eye test for new glasses and the optician said from some scans, my optical nerve seemed a little swollen so she was sending to the hospital just for a second opinion. Even though she said my eyes look really healthy etc, I am really scared.
I am so frightened now.

I don't really get migraines, just occasionally get a normal headache from the computer which is gone after some paracetamol, nothing alarming.

I take 100mg sertraline and have recently stopped taking Mounjaro (Tirzepatide) after 2 months (first month being 2.5mg and then month 2 was 5mg)

I have health anxiety so I have gone in to complete meltdown thinking I’m getting headaches, even though the optician said some people may just have more swollen optic nerves without anything sinister.
##########
30 M Chromatic Aberration
30M, Since I got lasik (3 years ago), I developed a striae on my left eye, with was diagnose too late (1 year) even I telling the surgeon something was definitelly not right...  
After some procedures, PTK/PRK, I adquire the worst aberration possible I think, im seeing this for likee, dont know 1\~1/2 years:

[

Night time, or high contranst exacerbate the problem.

Exams cant get any results about this issue, theres not more striae visible on my eye, doctors say only monochromatic aberration can been measure on exams on the current technology.

I just curious, how uncommon this problem is? Btw... Im not wearing glasses, nothing seems can correct this.
##########
40M
Question about 40 year old male eye condition Keratitis 


Uncles age : 40 male

My uncle has been diagnosed this and is supposedly eventually going to go blind , I'm sorry to anyone that's experiencing this or any problems but I just wanted to know if there is any hopes on a future cure?
##########
39M frequent eye herpes
Hello- I'm 39 (m) and healthy. Since 2019, have gotten "eye herpes" in my cornea about every 7 months. I'd love to stop this pattern.

It's a different eye sometimes. February this year was unreal- so painful and unpleasant. Yesterday, I realized the sensations were present and made an immediate appointment to see an optometrist. Have it again- uncomfortable but THANKFULLY more mild. Same eye. It's been 2 days now. Thank god no stabbing zings this time. Lying down is actually less pleasant than being vertical. I really want a super deep sleep rn.

In February they started prescribing acyclovir daily (terrible headaches) as prophylactic and yesterday suggested a much increased dose for 10 days of Valacyclovir (will see if I can switch this as my daily) and Lotemax gel. I always complete prescribed treatment to a T. 

Is it possible to understand why this keeps happening to me? Anything I can do? So far my vision isn't affected.

Have seen and discussed w 2 opthamologists and ~3 optometrists about it. Haven't heard the word "erosions" yet. Have used the term simplex in discussions with my med team
##########
23F Scared Senseless! Can link a photo of my eye exam for interpretation.
TW: EYES/BRAIN TUMOR/VISUAL DISTURBANCES 

PLEASE HELP! 23 year old here. I can't stop crying I'm so scared. The visual distrubances are scarinf me the most too. A new light/blind spot developed 2 days ago. 

After experiencing flashes, light spots, and blind spots for the past week and still am, especially noticeable in sunlight, I had an appointment with an ophthalmologist today. They conducted several eye scans and unfortunately found swelling of my optic nerve. I've been referred to a neurologist, and I'm expecting to hear from them within the next 3 days.

I'll admit, I'm feeling quite scared and overwhelmed right now. The thought of potential surgery has been weighing heavily on my mind, and I've found it difficult to stop worrying and shedding tears.

What could this be? Is there any harmless reasons for a swollen optical nerve with constant visual distrubances? Anybody deal with the same thing? Horrified for my neurologist appointment and being told it's pressure in my brain or a tumor or something that requires surgery because I cannot be put under. Huge fear this isnt linked to vaping but was wondering as I await finding out what could this be?
##########
25 M Restless eyes
Recently I've been experiencing weird restless eye symptoms. They feel different from when my eyes are strained and tired - there is no pain, just a general discomfort and the need to blink and move my eyes around a lot. Any idea what this could be? Seems like nobody online has had the same experience.
##########
49F what could cause sudden macular pucker?
I’m  in the process of being diagnosed w/ a neurological or autoimmune disease;  numbness on right side, trouble swallowing, etc. In the meantime, I had a few episodes of vibrating vision which prompted an eye dr’s visit.  Today my Dr diagnosed me with Macular Pucker which was not present 2.5 months ago during my routine visit. Honestly she was stumped and wants to forward it to my medical team. I do not have diabetes, and I haven’t been in an accident...I did have surgery to lower pressure in my eyes but that was 2 decades ago. 

Any insight into what might be causing this would be greatly appreciated.
##########
34 Keratitis
Saturday night (7/6) I began to have stinging in my right eye. I removed my contacts. Sunday (7/7) my eye was red, swollen, blood shot. I was in a lot of pain and sensitive to light and my vision was very very blurry. Went to an urgent care. They gave me antibiotics and told me to follow up with my eye doctor this morning asap. Vision pretty much a complete blur in right eye. I couldn’t even see the E on the chart. Given different antibiotics, steroids, and atropine drops. I guess my question is when will my vision come back to normal or will it be permanently impacted?
##########
26 M Strabismus help
Hello, first off thank you for taking the time to read this and consider helping. My name is Shawn I’m a 26yr old male and I’ve had mis aligned eyes since I could remember. My left eye is my weaker eye and my right eye is the main image my brain reads. Over time my brain has completely abandoned my weak eyes vision signals and My brain only processes the images/sight from my right eye. I still have left eye peripheral vision and can see out of both eyes but ,my right eye is dominant while my left eye just floats there and is up and to the left slightly. The more tired I am the worse it is or when I look sharp right it drifts bad like it doesn’t have the strength to copy what my right eye is doing. I can focus and switch what image I see. I can like change my eye focus and focus on the image with my left eye and move it around while covering my dominant eye.

 My major issue ,  is no matter how hard I try I cannot get both eyes to align and focus on the same thing unless it’s right in my face. As soon as it’s within a foot away my left eye floats. Also, when I focus with my left eye , my right eye then goes down and to the right. I can tell they are on a mis aligned axis and my brain has completely suppressed my left eye when both eyes are open and Im living daily life. If I patch my dominant right eye , my depth perception and overall balance , vision, etc is off, it feels almost disorienting. When I force my eyes to focus on the same thing at distances I then see double and it’s a terribly confusing and disorienting feeling. I’m scared that if I get surgery on the left eye and they align it then I’ll see double for a while because my brain has developed this way. I’m also scared that if they correct the muscles and placement of my bad left eye, then my right eye will do the same thing it always does and go down to the right. 

Like I said when I cover my good eye and straighten the bad one , my good eye goes down to the right. It’s like no matter what I do they will never be on the same axis , it’s like two magnets pushing away from each other. Do you see double forever or does your brain re-map its way of vision post surgery?I want nothing more then to have binocular vision! I’ll have surgery, do patching, exercises, whatever it takes because I’m so tired of living this way. I’ve tried patching and it honestly makes it worse in my opinion. No matter how strong I make my bad eye they will not be on the same axis. When I watch tv I’m constantly switching my focus to my left eye to keep it strengthened but no matter what they don’t align. Like I said when my left eye is straight my right eye goes down and right. And when my right is straight my left eye goes up and left. It’s awful. 

I raced motocross my whole life and always has a slight held tilt while riding and it’s because I had to point my nose slightly right so my left eye was angled ahead so I’d have somewhat the best vision I could if that makes sense. I also played basketball and lacrosse and always had a problem with depth perception in my left eye. My left eyes perception of everything seems off when I patch the right eye. I was good at all the activities I did but it makes me mad wondering how much better I could of been had I had binocular vision, I mean,  I’d be in the pros hahahah, but please help guys. I think I did a great job explaining my situation so any knowledge , tips, recent experiences, anything would help. I need to hear from others with this because nobody around me has this issue so I can’t relate with anyone in person and I haven’t visited an eye doctor since 7th grade and I’m 26 now. When I went I explained the issue to them and the rookie doctor told me it wasn’t an issue . It is and I wish I caught it then. Again please help guys . Thanks!
##########
19M Persistent Light Sensitivity After Corneal Ulcer
Hi everyone,

I had a corneal ulcer about a year ago, and ever since, I’ve been experiencing significant light sensitivity. I’ve tried various treatments including lubricating eye drops, antibiotics, and Epitegel (a gel used to promote epithelial healing of the cornea).

Despite visiting several ophthalmologists, they all recommend the same thing: using lubricating eye drops every hour. Unfortunately, this hasn’t resolved the issue, and my light sensitivity persists. I’m desperate to regain my normal vision so I can go out, go to the beach, and enjoy my daily activities without constantly worrying about light sensitivity.

Does anyone have any suggestions or similar experiences? Are there other treatments or therapies I should consider?

Thank you for your help!
##########
38F - Conjunctival Cyst not going away
I've had a small cyst on my left eyeball since the very beginning of 2024. It waxes and wanes but when it expands it hurts and my eye feels scratchy. I already had eye and sinus allergies I'd thought I'd gotten under control, so this is really frustrating. Is there anything I can do to get rid of it?

I'm being told to add daily antihistamine eye drops into my routine - won't those dry my eyes out and make it worse in the long run? I already use olopatadine nasal spray and would then be using pataday extra strength. I was told it probably wouldn't cure the cyst, though. It doesn't seem like they want to do anything further and unfortunately I ponder how to pop it myself every time it flares up (I also have dermatillomania and will go after any other swelling, so I worry it's a matter of time). I don't use any nonprescribed meds or alcohol. I take birth control and gabapentin daily as my main medications (naproxen as needed for migraines).
##########
24M Wrong prescription with unusual sphere?
I recently picked up my new glasses and not sure if there is an incorrect measure of the prescription my last pair had the following values

(RT) Sphere: -0.25 Cylinder: -1.25 Axis: 180

(LT) Sphere: +0.25 Cylinder: -1.75 Axis: 004

My new prescription as follows

(RT) Sphere: -0.50 Cylinder: -1.50 Axis: 180

(LT) Sphere: -0.25 Cylinder: -2.00 Axis: 004

I wonder why the sphere is negative now is this an error or am I worrying for no reason? I tried my new pair and felt some strain when putting it on I looked into the prescription to find this.
##########
40F second CRVO . Fit and Healthy no cause found.
I experienced my second CRVO 18 months ago. I had many tests- MRI, blood pressure monitor, EKG, cholesterol, Many blood tests. No cause ever found. I am Irish so based in Ireland. I want to know is there any other tests I could ask my Doctor for? Maybe international readers might have suggestions? Genetics?
##########
34m
Caucasian  
Extremely blurred vision in both eyes.  
  
Duration: 2\~ years on some occasions.  
Asthma - No other known medical issues, father was diabetic and I possibly am. Cannot confirm this.  
Medications: Albuterol Sulfate -Budesonide/formoterol fumarate dihydrate  
Cannabis for 20\~ years give or take a few mo. Not as much anymore due to lung issues but still on occasion. Does not appear to have any correlation to cannabis due to the times it occurs are at work not under the influence. Likewise doesn't seem to happen on days when I do smoke. 

I'm an electrician working for a solar company. Most days I'm not working as an installer on the roof but seldomly one of my crew members calls out and I go up to help remaining crew finish due to deadlines.   
This only seems to occur on days when I am up on the roof all day helping my crew, it never seems to happen when I am doing my normal electrical work on ground level. My vision was fine from 8am until about 2pm today when it started getting blurry. When ever this happens it remains that way until I go to sleep and when I wake up its normal again. I guess another small correlation could be heat as I don't think this has happened during colder weather. The use of polarized glasses doesn't seem to help nor make a difference. If I put some visine in my eyes it seems to help for 10-15 minutes before returning to being blurry.

I plan on going to an optometrist in next few weeks just figured I would ask and see what people think.
##########
5M, Caucasian, with jelly like bump on sclera?
When giving my 5M son a bath tonight, I noticed a jelly like spot on the white of his left eye. Medications include Benadryl, Zyrtec and Albuterol as needed. He also has an epi-pen with half a dozen food allergies (peanuts, tree nuts, eggs, peas, turkey, raspberry). 

No symptoms, and I just noticed it today so am unsure of duration. Doesn’t seem to be bothering him, but of course I am concerned. 

Photo [here]( 

Ideas as to what this might be? I am going to call an optometrist tomorrow to try and get him in.
##########
26 M Fell into a chair
This morning as I was getting up, about 20 minutes ago, my left eye (which has no sight) hit the rounded top portion of my desk chair. In order to leave my bed I need to raise myself up.. bom. There was an immediate throbbing pain and there continues to be a throbbing sensation what feels like inside the back of my eye and on my temple/to the left side of my skull.. I teared up a fair bit. As of writing, this sensation only occurs when I blink. I took two Aleve (to deal more with muscle pain from running last night). There continues to be some tearing and feelings inside my eye but I am not sure how serious to take this. Should I see a doctor about this? There is like a sandy feeling as if I have a piece of sand that I need to blink out.

Thank you.

UPDATE: The area around my eyelids for that eye now feel watery from tearing up.. should I avoid putting my head in any certain positions?
##########
27M - Wrong Prescription for a Myopic?
I was diagnosed with myopia by my optometrist. I only have one good eye, which was prescribed +50. No astigmatism or anything else in the script, except for the bad eye. From what I understand, myopics typically - power. 

When I wear my glasses, there is an extremely minor improvement close up, but everything is much more blurry than without glasses far away. Should I wait and see if my eyes adapt or go see if they messed up the script?

Again I typically can’t see anything with my bad eye with or without the glasses so I’m just trying to get the best vision possible out of my good eye. 

My script:
Right eye: +.5, SPH
Left: +1.5, -.75 Cyl, 165 axis
##########
22F swollen optic nerve
Hi Reddit community, I am 22F, non smoker, very occasional drinker, suffer with endometriosis but other than that healthy. However a lot of symptoms I have brushed off as endo related I am now thinking could be neurological, anyway. Last week I went for an eye test and the image test showed in just one eye a swollen optic nerve. I have to go back for an additional pictures, the optician didn’t really say much, except for that it was swollen and that it can signify a problem. But that it can also be nothing. I do have some weird other symptoms that I have put down to other health conditions, mainly thinking I had low iron. Headaches are what drove me to the opticians in the first place hence my concern. My sister also has retinoblastoma as a child, and her genetic screening came back showing mutations. Googling the issue has said it could be numerous things but i am really not sure. What could this be? And is it likely to be something underlying or nothing? 
Thank you!
##########
24F, stye won’t clear
[Photo]( 

I experience styes semi regularly (once or twice a year) but this one is getting pretty bad. It’s very sore, and it won’t clear out at all. 

I’m usually able to clear a stye with hot compresses and some pressure before it gets too painful, but this time I can’t even see it coming to a “head”, so I can’t see it resolving soon. I’ve never had one that didn’t clear up after a few days. 

I’ve been treating with hot compresses 2-3x a day for about ten mins each and lightly massaging the area. It still feels very solid and hasn’t seemed to move much, it’s just swelling and accumulating more. Each day there’s more solid-feeling stuff in the eyelid, along with what i assume is either swelling or some kind of fluid buildup. 

It started out very minor, hardly even noticeable, about 3-4 days ago. Since then it is just getting worse and almost nothing is coming out overnight. It’s getting quite swollen, even my under eye area is totally swollen. I have work tomorrow and I’m dreading being seen like this, ugh. 

1. Any treatment tips?

2. At what point do I go to the doctor? And what kind of doctor would I even go to? (I’m in the US)
##########
30F Alternative treatments for a strabismus
Hello! I was born with a strabismus (inwards), operated on twice and the second was successfully corrected. As I’m getting older I’m noticing my eyes are going outward. I spoke to an ophthalmologist about it but they just want to operate but she said “over time the muscle weakens and this can happen” so I asked if, as it’s muscle related, if I can’t just try and correct it with some exercises and she said “yeah maybe”. Not very helpful. ALSOOOO, surgery and ophthalmology is expensive af. Does anyone know of a type of eye specialist or doctor that could help with this? I really don’t want surgery. My doctor can’t really recommend anyone either. Just another ophthalmologist who will recommend surgery. I live in Brisbane, Australia.
##########
32 M coke can exploded in eyes
32 year old male here. Yes I know I'm an idiot! I was slowly opening a Coke can that I put in the freezer for an hour when all of a sudden it blew up like a rocket all In my eyes with a great amount of force. It literally shot out so hard it was all over the ceiling. Now my left eye is blurry and not clear at all. I rinsed both of them with saline and my right eyes fine. I'm hoping this is a simple abrasion and that it'll go back to normal in a few days but who knows. Any body have advise for this numbskull? 
##########
23F, unknown eye problem
I’m white. My main problem is  visual disturbances, which have been going on for 3 months. I struggle with bipolar/ mental health and I take Olanazapine, buspirone and the birth control yaz. I do not drink, smoke or do pot or drugs of any sort.

Let me first start out by saying that I have seen two ophthalmologists, have had them look in my eyes and done

 a physical exam. Neither of them seemed to think anything is physically wrong and diagnosed my visual disturbances as ocular migraines. However, I experience these disturbances almost daily whenever I am looking in extremely bright light, such as when driving during sunny blue skies. Despite the doctors’ assessments i can’t shake the feeling that there is something wrong with my vision itself.

I would describe these visual disturbances as wavy, rippling shadows that are the shape of a cluster of grains of rice. They are often accompanied by floaters that look like tiny dots. Most of the time the ripples are faint but they can expand to cover my whole field of vision if the lighting is extremely bright, such as on the beach with the blue waters and sunshine.

I started noticing these disturbances a few months ago, after I went on the psychiatric drug Ziprasidone. I discontinued the medication, but the visual disturbances are still there. Since then I’ve researched them extensively and still found nothing that matches what I experience. Does anyone have any idea what this visual disturbance could be?
##########
6M, grey arch on top of iris
Hi All,
My son got matte grey arches area on top of his irises. The doctor told it s inflammation due to allergies (which we will get checked for, it is not know that he has allergies). I did not particularly understand what that grey area is, that is now covering part of his blue iris. 
Could someone explain it guide me towards some info source? Is that reversible after treatment?could  it affect vision?
Thank you.
[photo of an eye](
##########
30M I have a pretty rare condition called punctate inner choroidopathy, looking for others who have it.
I am 30M, was diagnosed with Punctate inner choroidopathy sometimes called (PIC) about 4 years ago. The nature of the condition is basically there are lesions in my retina that blood vessels grow into in response to inflammation and leak blood which damages the retina and leads to blind spots

Looking for others to share experiences with and how you've been able to manage. I'm very depressed about it as it doesn't seem to be a condition is ever going to get better even with my treatments, which is basically just anti-VEGF injections, it seems like the only thing I can hope for is that some new technology or treatment is developed before I go completely blind. I've never met anyone else with this condition and there's really hardly anything on YouTube about it, I would like to see if anyone out there has actually had any restoration of vision/light sensitivity. Ect. ..
##########
34M experiencing flashes in both eyes
My good friend 34M white, doesn't drink/smoke/do drugs, has been dealing with a constant flashing/photopsia in one of his eyes for about a month. Recently the size of the spot flashing has increased in his eye, and a similar spot has now appeared in the other eye as well! He describes the flashes as similar to what you experience after having your picture taken by a camera with a bright flash. He sees more movement of the flashes with his eyes closed, and said he also has a little discomfort/pain when he closes his eyes. 

   He has been to his eye doctor, and also a specialty eye clinic who examined him thoroughly and said the flashing was an issue with the vitreous gel and should go away on its own in days-months, they couldn't say when.

   The symptom originally developed a few hours after he used a floor stripper at work,(Juggernaut by Buckeye, I think?) and he was concerned about the fumes possibly having irritated/damaged his eyes. He mentioned this at both appointments but the doctors didn't believe it was related. The timing seems very odd to me, but who knows.

   I've been trying to help him and in researching it seems unusual for someone to have the flashes in BOTH eyes. Some scary possibilities come up in connection with neurological issues (tumors, cancer, brain edema or ischemia, MS, etc) so I was wondering if anyone here had experience with something similar, or had any words of wisdom to share. He doesn't have migraines or even headaches often, so it doesn't sound like it's an ocular migraine related thing. He's planning to call the eye clinic and let them know about the changes and see what they say. He had a lot of bloodwork done recently for bouts of severe insomnia that come and go, and the partial results he's received back have all been normal.
##########
34W Map-Dot-Fingerprint-
please help me. I have been wearing a bandage lens for 3 weeks after abrasion of the epithelium. New erosions appear under the lens. I'm in terrible pain. It just doesn't stop anymore. I am given ofloxacin profically and am told to use drops containing hyalerone. PTK is an option, but my doctor doesn't give me much hope because healing just doesn't work. Are there other illnesses that could prevent healing? The erosions occurred during the day. I didn't touch the eye. Are there injuries that appear from within and cannot be seen at first? I went to the doctor on Friday because of severe pain. There was a tiny open space, but nothing major. In the afternoon there was a long open spot. I am very desperate. What options do I have to promote healing? Could serum tears help?
##########
27F Reasoning for blurry vision in left eye up close and right eye in the distance.
27F, DX of orthostatic intolerance, migraine, narcolepsy and astigmatism. Current medications are propranolol and modafinil. Ex smoker and non drinker. 

Just wondering if it’s normal to have this sort of distinction in vision? If there’s a clear reason for it? 
For context I have astigmatism and just recently I went to my checkup that was due, I expressed that I felt my vision was getting worse and I had also been experiencing pain in my right eye with movement (was somewhat short lived but scared the crap out of me) and I also get quick flashes of light in that eye when bending down and straining that’s possibly migraine related but being monitored, after my checkup I got told my eye health was good which definitely gave me a lot of relief but my astigmatism had gotten a bit worse which explains why I’ve been having a worsening in blurry vision. I noticed that only looking though my right eye in the distance that everything in much more blurry then in the left but then if I close my right eye and look though the left everything is more blurry up close compared to my right. I was basically just wondering if there’s a reason why this is happening? If it’s something that is a normal occurrence?
##########
2 weeks of face numbness, weird vision
Brain ct etc came back normal, awaiting mri. I likely have retinal disease being referred to a hospital for genetic testing. 

Just today my eye looked like this, I feel OK otherwise. Should I be concerned?

I'm 34, male, 173 cm. I have a family history of eye issues so my ophthalmologist has referred me for further testing as my eyes are showing thinning and tessellation. 



##########
36M- PVD questions
Hey, I suffered a traumatic eye injury two years ago, broken orbital wall etc-potentially healed wrong, my eyes don’t match when I look up, my eyelid definitely sags a little compared to my healthy eye but overall my vision is strong and normal in the eye- I have been checked by retinal specialists, optometrists, opticians, ophthalmologists etc, they’ve all done dilated exams on me with my last one being an month and a half ago. Yet, still every few weeks I’ll get peripheral flashing in the affected eye, it’ll last for a few days or weeks and then fade and come back. I never notice an increase in floaters or anything else. Is this something I’m just going to have to deal with forever ? And continually get dilated exams every few weeks or months ? It’s tiring 


I don’t smoke or drink alcohol/caffeine
##########
35F accidentally put dorzolamide in eye
Hi! Hypochondriac here with a question! Hoping some medically trained friends can make me feel better…

 
Tonight I put one drop of my dogs dorzolamide HCL in my eye instead of my allergy drops (it’s a glaucoma med). Right away I took out my contact and splashed water in my eye, filled up a cup to the brim and blinked in it a bunch. 
 
Am I okay/do I need to be worried? I called poison control and the lady didn’t inspire confidence but said she thought it was fine but didn’t even give me symptoms to watch out for. 

FYI: I take an SSRI and an NDRI and a bunch of different vitamins and supplements and I’m pregnant.
##########
25F  24 hours of watery itchy light sensitive eye
Hi, so yesterday I accidentally slept in my contacts and the next morning one my eye started watering and was itchy. When I was outside it was a little light sensitive too.  Obviously I wore glasses and throughout the day I washed my eye with both water and contact solution and took a shower and its still watering and itchy. I can't see anything when I looked in the mirror, I looked under the eyelids ect. Haven't had a friend look for me yet.

I am picking up some eye wash and thought maybe some eyedrops too, but I worry since I don't really know excactly what has caused this I'd like some advice on what kind of drops to get.  Would none of the itch ones be helpful because it's probably not an allergy? (only one eye) I am a little worried it could be related to contact overwear, like maybe keratitis, since I am admittedly not always great with changing my contacts as often as I should-- and will from now on regardless since my googling has already panicked me. I've just been having a rough time. I wear dailies and I have an astigmatism, and different prescriptions in each eye. 

are there eye drops that are otc that just sort of numb the eye a little? Or do the anti itch eye drops only work it is an allergy?  Would thicker eye drops be better for reducing discomfort? 

And is it ok to rinse your eye with contact solution? 

Its been 24 hours.  It's also a Saturday. Can I wait until Monday to see an eye doctor (or wait and see if it resolves) or do I need to go to an urgent care? We are kinda broke right now so I'd rather not go to an urgent care if all they would do is refer me to an eye doctor or if they would end up unable to diagnose.  

If I should wait, what can I do to symtom manage in the meantime? 

  
I really appreciate any help.
##########
46 M, Can anyone recommend a good surgeon specialized in retina in NJ/NYC/Phili area?
Short story: My husband had a retina surgery outside US and he had oil put in his eye. Now he is back to US and he needs a surgery to take the oil out. It should be a simple one but we really need a good surgeon. We know Wills Eye Hospital and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary are good facilities, but we don't know which surgeon is good... Any information will be helpful!

Long version of story: My husband had retina detachment earlier this year and had a simple surgery (scleral buckle) in NJ and basically that surgery failed. Within months, the retina detached again while he was abroad and this time way worse... He had to have the emergency surgery outside US, and had to put oil in his eye. Now he is back, and we just cannot go back to the same surgeon in NJ to do another surgery...

Again any information on good surgeons will be really helpful! Thank you so much!
##########
22F blind spot for 2 years no answers
I’ve had a small blind spot just down and left of my left eye’s center vision for about 2 years. It looks like a blurred purple-ish spot that kinda flashes like an afterimage when I blink rapidly. Sometimes, depending on the lighting, it’ll shimmer a bit like how the surface of water looks when it’s moving and light hits it. It formed a few weeks after having covid in 2022 and hasn’t changed. I don’t smoke and only drink maybe three times a year. I am on an oral contraceptive, and spironolactone for acne.

Because of my terrible insurance I wasn’t able to see an ophthalmologist until about a month after I noticed it. He mentioned something about a small lesion, but couldn’t see anything wrong otherwise and hasn’t offered any follow up comments on the lesion since that first visit. I brought it up to him again recently and he said he couldn’t see anything. The blind spot did show up on the visual filed test.

Since then, I’ve been to that ophthalmologist, two neuro-ophthalmologists, and a retina specialist. None of them have mentioned a lesion. They always say my images are normal and healthy, but that they can see the blind spot in my visual field tests. No evidence of any damage or issues. They haven’t done any imaging or testing outside of OCT, fundus, and the visual field. The only answer I’ve ever received that was even an attempt at a diagnosis was resolved CSR that just left this spot here. I have an appointment with another neuro-ophthalmologist who will hopefully refer me to a neurologist. 

Has anyone else had anything similar? Did you eventually get an answers? I brought up AMN as an idea, but that was quickly shot down by my ophthalmologist.
##########
30F - Conjunctivitis?
Do you think this is conjunctivitis? I've had burning pain (mostly when I blink a little harder than normal) on my left eye lower eyelid and especially the outer corner of my eye. 

Now I'm noticing both my eyes starting to become bloodshot, and my right eye beginning to itch a bit more now too. 

This has been going on for over a week now. My vision hasn't been affected. I originally thought I maybe got something lodged in my eye, as I was emptying a vacuum bin and a bunch of dust particles went close to my eyes. Sadly I can't get to my eye doctor until Monday. 

Does anyone have an opinion on what this might be? It would make me feel a bit better to know this isn't anything to worry about until Monday. 

I've tried warm tea bag compresses, red eye drops, and most recently tried stye ointment, with none of these things offering any relief.

And last, could this be contagious, and should I stay home from work or at least away from people until I can get this checked out?

TIA for your help! (I'm also new to Reddit, so hopefully I'm doing this right. If you have a better place to lead me to ask this question, I'd appreciate it!!)

EDIT: Medication: Heather birth control. No use of drugs, smoking, etc.
##########
36M "Glitching" or "Flicker" in Left Eye
Hi everyone, 

  
About a week ago, I started having my vision glitch in my left eye when moving my eyes side to side.  Having a history of floaters going back ten years, I was aware I needed to be on the watch for flashes, which could be a sign of retinal detachment.

  
I went into my ophthalmologist and had the retina tests done.  Results showed the vitreous starting to pull away but not yet detached.  There was a tuft in my left eye.  When he asked about my symptoms, I told him I was having flashes that were similar to blinking.

Now that I've had a chance to read about flashes, I realize that they don't sound like what I have going on at all.  There is no bright light when my vision glitches.  The glitches are dark.  I notice them most during the daytime and not in a dark room at night.  It's a split second loss of vision, but it happens so quickly I can't tell if it's my entire vision or just the center.  The visual experience is similar to a blink, waving your hand past your eye quickly, or when there's a bad electrical connection to a screen, which causes a flicker.

I've tried researching but can't find anyone who has had symptoms quite like mine.  I'm hoping someone here can offer likely causes.  Is it possible this is all related to vitreous changes? 

  
Thank you!
##########
26 M Glaucoma, unsure about medication dosages
I am in my mid 20s, Male, and have been diagnosed with glaucoma and retinoschisis. Very recently I was deemed medically stable after 2 years of seeing a retina doctor every month, with pressure finally reeturning to normal. I am on a regular course of Dorzolamide Timolol and Brimonidine.

Here the thing - the last bottle of Dorzolamide I received stated on the bottle 2%/0.5% underneath the name of the medication. Under this new bottle it states 12.3 mg/6.8mg. I am unsure if this is a higher concentration than normal, and have only taken it twice. already i can tell that this bottle doesn't dispense (what feels like) as large of a drop of meds, and I feel a slight burn/eye watering sensation that maybe I got used to on the last drop but have not felt in a while.. I am trying my absolute hardest not to be out of "stable' territory here.

Thanks in advance :)
##########
52 M Eye Floaters
Hi there, I recently been seeing eye floaters and black dots in my left eye for the past 4 days now. Is this normal? Do I need to see an Optometrist or an Ophthalmologist immediately?

I don't have medical or vision insurance by the way...

Thanks for the replies!
##########
28M Double/blurred vision caused by astigmatism? Is a Cylinder -1.00 quite bad?
Hey, I'm trying to determine just how impaired my vision is realistically. I have blurred and slight double vision in both eyes individually and am wondering if my astigmatism is bad and if my double vision is caused by it. My right eye is slightly worse; here's my prescription:

OD: Sphere -0.25 Cylinder -0.75

OS: Sphere -0.75 Cylinder -1.00
##########
19M starburst problem
Hello. I have been experiencing starbursts from traffic lights for about three weeks. I had a barrage laser treatment last month and visited my doctor yesterday. According to them, everything is normal and completely fine. My glasses prescription has not changed either, so I am unsure why I am seeing such severe starbursts. I don't feel that my eyes are particularly dry, even though my doctor has suggested using eye drops I am already using from a month . They couldn't find a specific reason for my symptoms and seem to be giving an excuse for the problem. One thing I have observed is that squinting my eyes doesn't reduce the starburst effect. Could this be due to chromatic aberration? If so, which type of doctor should I visit? I already saw my retinal surgeon yesterday, and she claimed everything is normal.
##########
34F Papilledema
Hi, 34F here, Caucasian, 162cm/58kg. I've been diagnosed with papilledema by an ophthalmologist based on a fundus examination and subsequent OCT. I've been referred to a neuro-ophthalmologist in 2 weeks, but I'm very anxious about my diagnosis. Should I seek more urgent help? How concerning does my OCT look?

Results here:


About my symptoms: I've been struggling with my eyes for about 2 months. It started with constantly bloodshot eyes, occasional blurry vision, eyelid twitches, diplopia and pain in the periorbital area of my left eye. The pain gradually worsened, spread to the temple area, and the eyeball became extremely tender to touch through the eyelid.
I was initially diagnosed with iridocyclitis and treated with dexamethasone drops (still tapering off), but it only helped slightly with the eye redness, which didn't completely go away. (I'm not even sure I had iridocyclitis in the end?) Meanwhile, I developed the same symptoms in my right eye, along with headaches in both temples and the back of my head. I experienced about a week of extreme photophobia, which has since improved somewhat. I also had several days of noticeable dizziness, lightheadedness and nausea.
Finally, I saw a different ophthalmologist who diagnosed me with papilledema. Now I think this might have been the issue all along..
I'd really appreciate any opinions on my situation. Thanks in advance!
##########
41M Eye Pain
While sitting on the couch 3 days ago, our dog pawed at me hitting my open eye. I immedialty flushed it and added eye drops. Now, three days later the pain, albeit low and tolerable, is persisting. Is this something worth seeing an ophthalmologist at this point? 

Here is a picture: 
##########
36F; wanted to get trifocal-lens surgery, they said it won't work for me, now thinking about bifocal-lenses plus glasses. Experiences?
Last year i went to EuroEyes and had all the measurements done. I was going for trifocal lenses, as at the age of 35 then i already needed varifocal/trifocal glasses. Now about a year later, i already needed my second set of varifocal glasses because my eyesight in the near distance has already deteriorated so much. 
Back in last year, they offered trifocal lenses to get me completely free of glasses, but the measurements and tests suggested that it wouldn't work for me and i would get issues with double vision (or as them being TRI-focal six-ouble-vision) 
That might be impossible for my brain to put together into one cohesive image. 
Apparently my eyesight in one eye is only at about 30-ish percent and that messes with my depth perception a lot. 
They offered to do bi-focal lenses instead, for which i then would still need to add monofocal glasses on the daily. 
Not what i was looking for. 

But things have changed... My eyesight is getting so bad, that even when wearing my varifocal glasses, my boyfriend sometimes has to read a restaurant menu to me or road signs (i don't drive) when the lighting is bad. At work (IT Project Management, constantly on a screen), i get headaches and my eyes start to water or burn and things get blurry. 
I had my glasses checked multiple times and yes they have the correct values. Medically they are "healthy", also had that checked. 

Does anyone else have that type of procedure done? Lens-Operation plus glasses? 
How does that work for you? 
What do you get corrected by lenses? The short and mid distance and then glasses for distance? Or the other way around? Or can I pick? 
I have another appointment with the clinic on Monday and will get info, but I'm curious about personal experiences and if anyone regretted having it done. 

At around 3500€ per eye it's not an easy decision, AND IT'S MY FRICKIN EYESIGHT!
But I'm also scared about my deteriorating eyesight and how muchh it disables me in my day to day.
##########
40M. DCR Surgery Alternative
My eye has been watery for about 6 months. After seeing a few doctors, it was determined that I would need a DCR procedure to unblock a tear duct. I’m freaking out because I never had surgery before. My question is - would I be able to realistically just live with a watery eye without any cause for concern? I heard it could potentially get infected down the road but figured if it ever did I would just get antibiotics to clear it up. It’s not debilitating or anything just annoying every now and then from watering. I guess I’m hoping to avoid going under the knife lol. Thanks!
##########
24M. Stye from 3 months ago.
[  
So I had a big stye 3 months ago(you can check older posts for pictures).

This is what it looks like now. Is a removal my only option? I have been doing warm compresses twice a day till now. My doctor said I should wait till end of july, and it should slowly go away. But to be honest, I am not sure about that. Do you have any tips?
##########
24F, vitreous detachment and photocoagulation
Hi everyone! So, last week, I started to see some weird "white blobs" in my left eye's peripheral vision. I don't see them every time; it's like a quick flash that sometimes jumpscares me. Beside theses blobs, my visions its pretty normal most of the time, no floaters at all. I went to the doctor, and he said I have a vitreous detachment in both eyes, which I wasn't expecting since my right eye seems ok. He described it like a "small tear in the gel." Said my retina is fine, but that I should schedule an appointment for laser photocoagulation treatment to fix it. He didn't talk much about it, just said it's something I didn't need to worry too much, but that I should do the treatment anyway. So I feel a little lost.

I heard that you can't really "glue" the vitreous back, don't know if that's true. So, does this treatment fix the vitreous detachment? Would it be better to do it than leave it alone to see if it goes away?
##########
20F blepharitis, Demodex, contact dermatitis
I am struggling and I don’t know what’s happening or what to do. 2 months ago I had an allergic reaction to eyelash extensions and had them removed. Since then I have been diagnosed with allergic blepharitis, Demodex and contact dermatitis and some gland dysfunction. I have been prescribed a steroid cream (maxidex) which works for a short period of time and then quit working as well as over the counter allergy eye drops. I am now using pimecrolimus on my eyelids as prescribed and it hurts so bad. I don’t know where to go from here. Feeling hopeless.
##########
19M have enlarged blindspots
Actually here are many stories like I want to know what is the area in vision in blindspot where when you see with one eye closed cannot see any object in it like when stretch your hand see your thumb your whole thumb is gone mostly in both eyes and everything else is normal but you also see like nerves from blindspot sparkle sometimes what condition is this...is it to worry...or is it dangerous?

in short it looks like areas of blindspot are enlarged and if something goes there it disappears and even after an OCT scan and consultation with retina specialist the doctor told me there is nothing to worry and my eye power is also high like -10 D
##########
28M CL user, small red spots near both pupils while using CL
28M from Italy, 
just to preface, I'm slightly allergic, but I've noticed that lately, when I wear my contact lenses, I get some redness near the pupils in both eyes.

The lenses are daily disposables, so I handle them with clean hands, without getting them wet or in contact with water, and I throw them away after use.

I don't have any other symptoms, no eye pain, no tearing, no light sensitivity, and no blurred vision. I'm wondering if I should be worried or if it's just something related to eye strain or allergies.

Thanks 

Images: 


##########
52M sudden vision changes , seeking advices and first aid tips
Male
Age - 52 years
Height - 5ft 9inches
Weight-82 kg  
Pre diabetic
We are in semi rural part of india
Hello everyone, 


Please help me out,I'm really concerned about my father. This morning, he started experiencing some alarming symptoms out of the blue:

He's seeing double images of things that are far away.
He's feeling like his head is really heavy.
These symptoms came on suddenly and have persisted throughout the day. We have already booked an appointment with an ophthalmologist, but since we live in an underprivileged area, we couldn't get an appointment for today.

Does anyone know what might be causing these symptoms? We're looking for any possible explanations or similar experiences.

Additionally, what immediate first aid or precautions should we take while we wait for the appointment. Is there something we can do at home first?

Any advice or insights would be greatly appreciated. Thanky
##########
26F eye redness for 1wk
My right eye started having redness in the outer corner since last Saturday. There hasn’t been any discharge coming out. There is some slight pain/bruising feeling right when I wake up but overall it’s not painful at all. I don’t wear contacts or use eye drops. I have been sick and have been coughing/sneezing/blowing nose frequently so I assumed it was broken blood vessels but unsure! I’m currently 33wks pregnant. I have used “clear eyes” eye drops 2-3 times total but I don’t think they’ve really made a huge difference. Any suggestions or ideas about what could be the issue? 

Photo of my eye 
##########
24M, Irritation and pain in/above right eye especially when closing it tightly
Hi, I've had an issue for a while, probably for at least a year, with my eyes. I've had irritation/redness in both but the majority in my right eye. I have an additional issue with my right eye where I can feel pain behind my right eye and above my right eyebrow especially when I close my right eye tightly or when I look all the way to the right. Also, for some reason I can feel something, like a muscle or a gland, above my right eyebrow that's not as prominent/tight as the same area above my left eyebrow.

Let me clear up what I have done so far.

The first thing I did was go to an allergist, where I found out I had a minor allergy to dust mites (a 3 on a scale between 1 and 10). So I've been taking Pataday one a day eye drops for over two months and I've made changes to my apartment and bedding to reduce my contact with dust. I also started taking generic artificial tears.

Then I went to my optometrist. My vision and eye pressure and such seemed fine, but they did see quite a bit of redness/irritation. So for two weeks I've done daily eyelid cleanses with baby shampoo, I've done daily warm eye mask wearing for 15 minutes, and I switched from artificial tears to using Tobramycin/Dexamethasone eye drops 4 times a day. 

I've also been using Flonase for the past month since I do have some sinus congestion and I heard that can be related to eye issues.

The end result though is that I've only had partial/minor improvement in my symptoms. I went back to the optometrist and they told me that they only saw minor improvement as well. They told me that they would try to find an ophthalmologist to refer me to and that I should stop using the steroid eye drops.

Does anyone know what can be going on? My prescription is OD SPH -3.25, CYL -0.75, AXIS 180, OS SPH -3.25, CYL -1.50, AXIS 178, if that's relevant. An astigmatism on the right side.
##########
19F, inferiorly on both corneas with vessels
So I’ve had this for around 3 years (when I was 15 or 16), I don’t wear contact lenses only glasses so my optician isn’t sure what’s caused it.

I finally have a hospital appointment after 3 years in a month but I have no idea what any of this means or what they’re even looking for. I don’t know if this is something they’re just going to leave or if it’s something that could become serious.

I’ve tried looking stuff up about it but I can’t really find much.

Sorry if this is the wrong sub for this but does anyone know what it is and what it means?
##########
31F - Transparent thing in the left eye.


For the past few hours it feels like there's an eyelash in my left eye but when I look for it there's nothing and instead I found this transparent thingy that can only be seen under bright light. It's not painful or anything, I tried eye drops every few hours but it still feels like there's something in my eye everythime I turn my eyeball in different directions. Please help me and I hope it's not anything serious.
##########
25M - Small blindspots
Hey everyone,  
25M

I'm reaching out to see if anyone here has experienced something similar or has any advice.  
I've noticed some troubling changes in my vision. Specifically, I’ve been experiencing blind spots (scotomas). These are not the typical floaters; they are more like patches where I can't see anything, almost as if there’s a small area missing from my field of vision.  
My overall vision doesn’t seem to be deteriorating apart from these blind spots.I've had a routine eye doctor visit and, on their advice, a field of view exam, which was perfect.

Description:

* Small and perfectly circular
* As big as the monitor cursor seen from a normal distance
* I can totally hide the mouse cursor under them
* There are 3 noticed at the moment, not too distant from the center of vision
* I noticed the first one 3 years ago, and nothing was found after a lot of exams
* So far, I have only noticed this problem in my right eye

About me:

* Myopic: -3 in both eyes
* I have borderline pressure in my eyes, but it doesn't seem to be the problem
* I don't smoke, drink, or have any health problems
* I have a lot of floaters too
* I had Covid back then.

This is a "map" I've done of the spots and how they are positioned: [
##########
31 F eye pain for 4 weeks
31 F. I thought I got a cornea scratch which has happened before and went to the eye dr. They didn’t see anything at all despite all the pain i was in. She told me to get artificial tears. The next 2 days was unbearable so i went back, rechecked for a scratch and nothing. Advised for me to see a cornea specialist, and get my blood tested for diabetes, cholesterol and thyroid issues. Which I did and all came back clear. 

I went to a 3rd appointment with what I thought was a cornea specialist and he still did not see any scratches and didn’t have any answers for me. He flipped my lid up and said he saw a few bumps but said that wouldn’t cause any pain. He prescribed me a soft steroid drop for 3 weeks, dosing 3 x a day the first week, then 2 x the second week and 1 x the third week.

 I am almost done with my third week and i had to call the office back and ask if i can up the drops because the pain was back. During the second week it felt 100% better but then all started hurting and coming back again. They told me to do it 2 x a day until 7/3 which is when they gave me a follow up with the actual cornea specialist. 

It feels like it actually may be coming from my lid, not the eye ball itself. Some days my lid looks puffy and swollen. There is no discharge or anything coming out of my eye, only pain. It feels like there is something in it like sand, but also on certain days it feels like a lot of pressure coming from where my top eye lid touches my eye. I’m extremely nervous for the appointment because this far no one has been able to tell me the cause and it’s caused me to already miss a week of work because I’m in horrible pain every little movement of my eye. 

It may be worth mentioning that during the first week of 3x a day, i just found out my mother has cancer so i was crying A LOT. The office said that may have hindered the healing but I’ve done a VERY good job these last 2 weeks of not crying to let it heal. 

Does anyone have any advise or maybe something i should mention to the dr? It’s very depressing and anxiety inducing because it’s so painful and I’m worried they won’t be able to help me anymore. TIA!!!!
##########
26F; what is in my eye?
26F. I had something similar appeared in my other eye 2 months ago, eye doctor said it was nothing bad but a conjunctival cyst. Now I noticed this in my other eye... when I touch the outside skin, I can feel the bump is very hard. Is it also a cyst? Should I start worry?


##########
24F herpes zoster?
Two weeks ago I woke up with sudden blurred vision in my right eye. Prior to this I had no issues with my eyes or my eye sight, other than a bad eczema flare up on my eyelids a few months ago. The doctor said my eyes are super dry and that they don't really know what it is, but gave me a herpes diagnosis and had me drink Aciclovir based medication. A week later, my sight hasn't improved a lot. My job involves me staring at a screen literally all day and it's been causing fatigue because I can't focus and images are not sharp. Will this stop soon? Any other idea on what it could mean?
##########
27F astigmatism caused by RCE or eye just simply regressing after lasik (true refractive error)?
Hello everyone, i had lasik in september 2023, after 1 week post-op, i got my first painful corneal erosion on my left eye. Surgeon diagnosed me with EBMD (aka ABMD). Gave me BCL and later on did corneal debridement on the same eye. Vision was good for like 3 weeks but gradually getting blurrier day by day on the left eye. 

After that first erosion, i continued to have several "mini" erosions once a month (on the same left eye, right eye is good, 20/20 vision). I called it "mini" because i feel little pain and when it happens, vision stayed blurry for around 2 weeks and i also experienced haze during that period. 

I went to several other dr, including the best ophthalmologist in houston. He only said that he needs to monitor and wait until my refractive error stops getting worse before he can do anything. In the meantime, I also visited a very good dry eye doc who put me on oxervate (for nerve growth) and gave me guidance to manage the dry eyes. 

Here is the thing that makes me wonder, is the blurriness caused by RCE or my left eye just regresses after surgery (true refractive error)? (I know RCE can cause irregular astigmatism).

and the RCE keeps happening because I have EBMD or because my left eye is too dry while sleeping?

(when its not blurry, my left eye sees shadow when looking at text, so i guess its more about astigmatism) Which makes me think if i even get PTK to get rid of EBMD, but my eyes keep getting dry when sleeping (even with ointment before bed) then the astigmatism (which causes refractive error) will never go away.
##########
26M Need help, dry eyes when working
Hello guys,

I have severe dry eye problems but only when I am working in the office, when I am working from home my eyes do get tired but not even remotely dry or strained.
Well, I could game for 8 hours usually without any problems, but now when I am working I can't even look at screens when I come home.
This has been happening for the last year and a half.

When I am in office, my eyes get dry after 1-2 hours and they get irritated, red, sometimes a feeling like something is in my eyes.
I get blurry vision and can hardly drive home after work.
That is why I said this is dangerous.

Visited the ophthalmologist and he said I have computer vision syndrome and to use eye drops. This does not fix anything and he just prescripts me to use more.

The eye drops actually hurt my eyes more and makes them feel more dry.

Visited few more specialists and they just prescribe various amounts of eye drops.
This doesn't help.

Things I tried to remedy this:

- artificial eye drops(helps for few days then makes it worse, eyes feels super dry)
- massaging eye lids (I irritate my eyes so I stopped)
- cleaning tissues for eye - Bephaclean -&gt; they help, my eyes definetely feel a little less painful, I use them once before sleep
- 20x20x20 exercise - this helps with the strain but not too much
- 5 minutes break every hour from screens
- warm compresses help me relieve my pain when I come home, but it is nothing lasting, only sleepint through the night kind of resets my pain fully
- massaging around eye lids - don't know if it does anything
- eye exercises - don't know if it helps
- humifider on my desk in office - this feels like it does nothing to be honest
- glasses witha prescription and blue lights blockers

Can anyone help? I can hardly focus on my work, and I am a gamer and a movies fan, I can't enjoy any of these things anymore and it is making my life really miserable.

I am trying to stay positive but it has been so long
##########
34F sensitivity day after dilation
I had a lasik consultation yesterday with all sorts of tests, including dilation. I’ve had this done a lot and never had any issues. When I woke up this morning I could barely look outside. My eyes are extremely photosensitive right now. However, they are not still dilated. Should I be concerned or is it a wait a few days kind of problem?
##########
25M I (likely) used contaminated eye drops twice. Should I be worried about it?
So for context, this morning my left eye was a bit red and blurry but nothing too bad, noticed I had an eyedrop (for allergy) that should have been good for 90 days after opening (which isn't due yet), but the box of it was stored in the living room where the sun shined through and it was also a pretty hot summer, de not regular room temperature.
When I used it, it was itching a bit but stopped after 1 minute. 
For some reason cuz I'm stupid I did another drop now which I instantly regretted and washed it out with tap water (which was maybe an even worse idea)
My eyes are a more red than they were in the morning and I'm not sure if it is caused by 2 drops of most likely bad eye drops or not.
We're planning on going to sleep soon and see what would happen next morning but I'm afraid I might have caused a bigger problem or an infection.
For reference this is how my eye looks now:


I've had my eyes looking worse than in the pics before but I'm still worried.
##########
36M external stye in lower eyelid, day 11, on erythromycin... not improving?
Hello everyone, began having an itch on Jun 20, which eventually formed into a puffed eyelid, painful to blink, full-on stye. I have been doing compresses and over the weekend of the 24-25th, I had some discharge with yellow pus.   
The swelling is almost completely down except in the localized area, with no pain on contact, and slight itch. Since then, I have been washing daily, doing warm compresses 3x a day, and erythromycin twice a day. [Yet these past 3 days have had no change, worsening nor improvement.]( Am I doing something wrong? Today would be  11 days since my initial symptoms. Any advice is greatly appreciated
##########
20M sensitivity to bright lights - not sure if it's because of the eclipse or because I'm wearing an old prescription
I'm sorry this is so long. I just want to give all the details.

I've had my current glasses prescription since the beginning of March of 2023. I ordered a new one a few weeks ago but they messed it up the first time so I still don't have it yet.

On April 8 I watched the eclipse and I was in an area where totality lasted about 4 minutes. I didn't look at the sun at all (not with the special glasses on or with them off) until I believed it was total because I had anxiety about looking. I then put the special glasses on and looked and I saw nothing but blackness so I took them off and started looking at the eclipse because I believed it was safe to look during totality (and according to Google that is true. I had already set a timer that would go off 3 minutes after totality was scheduled to start and stopped looking when it went off.

About 20 minutes later on the way home I noticed my vision was a bit off. I immediately started to worry but tried to stop worrying about it as much as I could. A couple days later or maybe the same day (I don't remember) I started to be sensitive to the sun. I started wearing sunglasses and I have never used them in over a decade at least except on rare occasions. After a week or so I stopped wearing them because I developed anxiety about the sunglasses stopping my natural instinct to look away from the sun.

I'm also sensitive to other lights too now but it's not as bad but that might be because I don't have much anxiety about them because the risk of going blind from looking at them is much lower than the sun or 0. It's gotten to the point that it's very hard for me to move towards the sun. When I walk or bike towards the sun I have to do that thing where you put your hand on your forehead to shield your eyes from the sun and look at the ground. I can't even look in the direction of the sun when doing that thing anymore (but not directly at the sun). When I drive towards the sun I have to put the sun visors down so far down that it's dangerous so I avoid driving towards the sun completely. I'm not sure how much of having to do all that stuff is because of anxiety but it's definitely a lot brighter than it used to be. I also close my right eye whenever I move in the direction of the sun just in case I cause damage to my left eye because then I would still be able to see out of my right eye but I haven't noticed that my left eye is any worse than the right.

In the last few weeks I've had to have my phone, tablet, and laptop screens dimmed whereas before I would always have them at 100% brightness. I now can't go back to 100% brightness without it being uncomfortably bright. I also have trouble focusing from time to time when I stare at a screen without moving where I'm staring at, especially when it's a big wall of text like this post (yes, that's happening to me now but I'm tired so that could be a reason or it could be the old prescription).

I went to an eye doctor a few days after the eclipse and she did some scans and said I did not have solar retinopathy. I then went again to a different eye doctor at the end of May and he did some tests and dilated my eyes and he also said I didn't have solar retinopathy but he told me I needed a slightly newer prescription so like I said I'm waiting on that to be ready. When he dilated my eyes though I had a very hard time keeping my eyes open long enough for him to get enough dilation fluid in them so I'm afraid he wasn't able to see my eyes well enough. I'm planning to schedule another appointment with an optometrist after I adjust to my new glasses because I have so much anxiety about this (also have a therapist but it's embarrassing to talk to her about it and because she doesn't know anything about eyes it's extremely hard to heal the anxiety from talking to her).

I'm pretty sure all of this is because of the eclipse because it started right after the eclipse but I'm really hoping it's just that I need a new prescription although I doubt the sensitivity to bright lights is because of the old prescription but I'm not a professional. One thing I think it might be is cataracts but that's really just a slightly educated guess based off what I found on Google. I'd really appreciate it if anyone could give me any insight to this.
##########
26F Eye pain is ruining my life
26F white female, daily screen time (corporate), very light social drinking, no drugs ever

Hi Reddit,

My eye problems are ruining my life. I have been to countless doctors, tried countless medications, therapies, and treatment plans and nothing gives me sustainable relief.

I live in New York City and have been experiencing consistent moderate dry eye pain for at least 3 years now. Not every second of every day is filled with agony, but the sustained stinging and lack of answers has deteriorated every single aspect of my life. I am unable to socialize normally, work my corporate job or enjoy the city outside of my apartment very often.

I have been diagnosed with, or treated for: blepharitis (anterior and posterior), MGD, Demodex mites, ocular allergies, chronic dry eyes and eye papillae. I also have bad vision and have had to permanently discontinue my use of contacts (glasses only 24/7). It is difficult to isolate what *exactly* *causes* pain, but I generally attribute the stinging to dry eye.

Over the last few years I have tried various combinations and treatments of: bacitracin, Neo-Poly-Dex, Tobradex, Occusoft lid wipes, tea tree oil wipes, Cliradex, Lotemax, Cequa, Muro eye ointment, hot compresses (daily), Lipiflow, Optase, Xdemvy and Optimel drops and gel (manuka honey).

Some of these have provided temporary relief, but eventually everything irritated at least one of the conditions above. I am genuinely at a loss for what to do anymore. I am emotionally, mentally and physically drained. I am in my mid twenties and feel like I cannot enjoy life and that this will last forever. I am a generally anxious person and know that this only gets worse over time and I cannot fathom this outcome forever.

I have been to nearly every optometrist and ophthalmologist in the NYC area, as well as an allergist and had blook work done. Every doctor tells me to retry medications and hang in for the long haul. Any words of advice or encouragement would be greatly appreciated. I am not above trying anything at this point.

 
##########
3years old with 2 swollen eyelids
Hi, I have an appointment by zoom on Monday because everything is closed due to holiday. I’m just worried if it’s too far away. My 3yo had a red swollen eyelid (left) 2 days ago and today the second eyelid (right) started being red and swollen as well. No discharge, no pain, no fever, the eyeball is not red either like pink eye would be. Thanks so much for your help and time!
##########
24 F , vision loss while on vacation
(24 F) Blind spots in both eyes while away from USA

Currently in Aruba. Woke up from a nap today and had a line of floaters in my eyes. it’s gotten worse over the past 5 hours. i have now lost appx. 35% of my entire vision. there is a half circle of darkness in the center of each eye ?? It is difficult to read and use my phone. 

I am recovering from i believe a viral respiratory infection. had a fever, chills, and productive cough for two days. felt better today. in laws believe my vision loss is due to that + the OTC meds i was taking to treat that. or it’s a migraine. i get frequent migraines but have never had vision loss. 


Talked to a telehealth doc who is in the states and she advised emergency care as she fears it may be retinal detachment. rebooked our flight home. 
would it be worth it to seek medical help here? i could not find a retina specialist contact for the island but there is an ophthalmologist. 

TIA

ETA: F , 24, -3.25 in both eyes, -.25 astigmatism in both eyes, current every day vape user, no alcohol in 3 days, have been taking dayquil, ibuprofen, and nasal spray (not afrin) 


UPDATE 1 in comments

UPDATE 2: working dx right now is PVD ( posterior vitreous detachment. )   /: doc said despite my age, my myopia makes it possible. Got eyes dilated and looked at with slit lamp, plus OCT scans. going back to the states today, will get a 2nd opinion friday.
##########
25F - Question regarding vitreous syneresis and eyespots
25F, 5’6”, 152 LBS, Medication: Cabergoline, Ethnicity: African American Eyes: near-sighted, wears glasses



Hello. After having issues with what I believed to be bilateral scotomas (my spots were very large and obstructed parts of my visual field) after COVID in December 2022, I’m happy to report that I finally got around to seeing a neuro-opthamologist. The good news: no issues with my retina, optic nerve, macula, etc. So no AMN, like I initially thought.

The bad news is that he diagnosed me with vitreous syneresis, although not vitreous detachment. He basically said he saw a wrinkle in my vitreous in both my eyes, and I’m seeing the shadow of that wrinkle, which is causing those gray spots. 

So my question is this: This sounds a lot like eye floaters. I believe his diagnosis, but my spots NEVER move. He said something about how they don’t move because the wrinkles are close to my retina? Could some explain how this works, or offer any insight into vitreous syneresis and any relation to immovable eye spots?
##########
31 F red, yellow, painful sclera
For the past two years, about every 3-4 weeks my eye gets really red and irritated. I’ve had terrible insurance but I finally made an appointment to see a doctor. Today is the first time it’s been painful and the yellow tinge is what concerns me more than the red. It’s usually not this yellow. Does anyone know why it might be yellow? Just curious because my appointment has isn’t for two weeks. Thanks in advance for any insight!

[example](
##########
19M problem about glares and starburst
I am 19 years old. About one month ago, I had a barrage laser procedure for a retinal tear. The process is somewhat similar to LASIK. Since then, I have been experiencing glares and starbursts, which I did not have prior to the surgery. The strange part is that I only had the barrage laser in my left eye, but I can see glares and starbursts from both eyes. Even if I close my left eye, I can still see the glares with my right eye, which was untouched. What could be causing this? Is the laser the reason, and if so, why is my right eye also affected even though it was not treated? Could this be something neurological? The glares and starbursts I am experiencing are similar to common LASIK complications.
##########
23M Corneal Abrasion extreme Blurry / Double Vision
Hi, 
11 days ago i had a eye injury fell thumb went in my eye causing a Large Corneal Abrasion Was prescribed Antibiotics and ointment 7 days later saw the doc was told it healed just fine now im at 11 days since injury and i still have Extreme Blurry/Double  vision in my right eye anyone have any ideas why i asked my doctor he said it will take time but i wanted a 2nd opinion from online. 
Before this i had 20/20 vision now its like 20/100.
##########
27, Female, from Germany . Blind spots in vision, even university professor doesn’t know what it could be
Hello! 27 F from Germany., Caucasian. Start of symptoms: Wnd of March 2024. Diagnoses: Hashimotos, schizoaffective disorder, smoker, occasionally drink some alcohol but then not in high doses.

Meds: L-Thyroxine, Pill (Slinda without estrogen)

History:
So after catching a really bad cold I developed one big blind spot in my right eye in the center of my vision, several smaller blind spots in the left eye scattered around the center and in the left eye lines look squiggly. 

When it first began I saw an eye doctor in my area. They had three doctors look at my eye BUT didn’t dilate. Then when I told them when asked about my psychiatric disorder they basically said to contact my psychiatrist and also Worte her a letter. I was totally down after that. My boyfriend was furious and if it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t have sought another option. It’s hard to see a doc for physical symptoms when you have a psychiatric disorder because everything gets typed as anxiety or psychosomatic.

Went to see an eye clinic at an university hospital. They dilated and saw changes in my retina. Did various tests (so many that I went home with a bad headache and slept all day). Saw them two times after that but they seem very puzzled. I did hear them discuss that it could be macular dystrophy but also it doesn’t really seem to look like that. I now have a visual acuity (is that the right word?) of right eye not even 20/200 and left eye (20/100). However I could only read the paper sheet with the letters in the left eye and when I had to look at the projected image in the back of the room I couldn’t read anything at all, just saw a light square. I’m now not allowed to drive anymore. I’m not sure what they said my vision was like percent vise (think maybe under 10%?).

They didn’t prescribe me any steroid eye drops or anything. They did find that the blood markers for Lyme were elevated as if I was freshly infected, however I wasn’t outside at all or in any grass and didn’t have any ticks before. They also didn’t think it was from that. I did however have a diagnosis of neurological lyme (not sure what the English word for that diagnosis is, I had it when I was 12 and had loss of control of my legs for some time but did receive three months of antibiotics that time). 

The doctors did say that the retina looked inflamed. I’m still trying to get the doctors notes which specify their findings. 

So all in all the doctors (professor even) doesn’t know what it could be. It happened very suddenly and even though they discussed amongst themselves it does remind them of age related macular degeneration, they told me that they don’t know what it is, that there’s nothing they can prescribe me, I’m not allowed to drive. I also asked them what to do if it gets worse and they said well I have to basically deal with it. They did take blood for a gene test for macular disorders but said even if it would be one there’d be likely no treatment. 

And now I also noticed in the dark, especially when I had to use the sight I’ve still got, that these blind spots are flickering, kind of like when you rub your eyes in a geometric pattern but only where the blind spots are. Can someone explain to me what could cause the flickering? 

I can still use my phone, however only at max brightness, max letter size and have to hold it very close to my face and also close the right eye. Sometimes when it’s very bright I also have to use voiceover. I’m also very light sensitive now. A friend of us is an optician and he gave me glasses for watching tv which he explained are like binoculars. These at least let me watch tv, however the blind spots are still obstructing the view and make faces difficult to see! I also haven’t got any advice from the doctors at the university hospital about resources, like getting a magnifiying glass prescribed or some O&amp;M training (am kinda nightblind). It’s also weird because the when it’s dark, the left eye with the smaller blind spots is worse at seeing at night, but better in bright environments and the right eye is better in the dark but worse in bright environments.

I’m sorry I hope I explained everything well and that there’s not too many typos. 

Also to add, I have an appointment on 30.07.24 at a retina specialist to get another opinion. Just curious what other doctors think!
##########
21M, Prednisolone Acetate Eyedrop Side Effects?
After taking a nasty hit in the left eye by a Penn rubber ball, my doctor prescribed me  PrednisoLONE acetate Ophthalmic Suspension, USP (1%) eyedrops.

I am on a 4x a day dose for a week until my next appointment and I am on my 5th day as of this date.

I noticed that during the timeframe of taking it, I had a bit of a headache on my left side, my left eye feels little weird and "heavy", I feel a bit down all of sudden, and had some weird insomnia last night. I also see a bit of translucent "TV static" patches whenever I move my eyes/look around and I have a bitter aftertaste.

I searched online and found that other people on Reddit said they had the same things happen to them when on the medication.

Does anyone else have similar situation as mine when on Prednisolone acetate?

Why and how do these side effects occur?
##########
34m Persistent Eye Redness &amp; Inflammation (3+ weeks)
Hi I've been experiencing persistent redness in my right eye, and some in my left, after using beef tallow moisturizer at night. I suspect some got into my eyes, causing inflammation. This doesn't feel like conjunctivitis, which I've had before. There's only minor flakiness and discharge on my eyelids. My right eye has been mildly inflamed for over three weeks, with some morning blurriness that resolves quickly.

I stopped using facial products and visited urgent care. The doctor prescribed steroids but wasn't sure of the cause. I'm worried about the risk of cataracts from steroids. I've scheduled an eye doctor appointment but it's a little ways off.

Should I let my eyes heal naturally or is it risky to avoid the steroids? I'm concerned about potential vision consequences if I do nothing. Any advice or similar experiences would be appreciated.

Thanks!

Picture of eye: [
##########
25F Isointense Left Optic Nerve
This is what my opthamologist has written after my visit. Please help me understand what it means.

I'm worried about MS. Could I just be over using my left eye?

"Patient has a history of right amblyopia, myopia and a current prescription of -2.50/-0.50 175 in right eye and -2.75/-0.50 180 in the left eye.

Worn glasses full time from age 4-10. Just started wearing them full time again age 25 after complaining of visual disturbance, pain and fullness in and around left eye. Works on a screen all day and suffers from chronic stress and anxiety.

MRI results show left optic nerve to be slightly isointense in comparison to the right optic nerve although there is no convincing enhancement or edema.

Goldman field is clear. No colour vision issues. OCTs reveal no macular dystrophy. 

Patient has small crowded disks and was previously scanned 10 years ago for swollen optic disks and drusen, although findings show no drusen present. 

Patient is completely reliant on left eye, so is concerned about vision deterioration. Patient is worried about MS or an autoimmune condition at play. We have sent for bloods, all within normal limits at present.

Patient has been referred for ERG."

Any theories?
##########
26M What is this

26M, Hispanic, Work outside in the Phoenix heat, drinker (very little), recreational use (very little). 
About 4 months ago I noticed this brownish spot in my left eye. Didn’t think much of it. Exactly a week ago today I started to develop dry eye symptoms of this eye alone with occasional burning on my right eye too. My vision has never been great to begin with and I never had glasses or contacts. Googled a little bit but instantly left as it triggered my anxiety lol want to know what u guys think, I already have an appointment with the eye doc soon but just curious. I work outside in the extreme heat with bright white rubber roofs. I wear eye protection. One thing I noticed is it’s mild in the morning and in low light levels. Seems to get irritated with bright sun or light. Dull ache once in a while. Eye drops seems to smooth things out. Thank you!!!
##########
27F Possible Papilledema Diagnosis
I’m feeling a little scared and overwhelmed after recent doctors visits and would appreciate any advice or similar stories. 

I’m a 27 year old female, BMI is 27.4, no current meds, non-smoker, rarely drinks, only medical diagnoses are IBS and anxiety/PTSD. 

About two weeks ago, I went to the optometrist for a routine eye exam. Over the last 3 months, I have been getting motion/car sick and I thought it could possibly be related to my glasses. It had gotten to the point where I couldn’t even ride in a car unless I was driving or else I would be very sick. Previous to this, I had also been getting daily nose bleeds every day for about 6 days before I went to urgent care and got cauterized. Also my anxiety has progressively gotten worse over the last few weeks. To the point where i’m getting panic attacks while waiting in line for my daily coffee order. 

After completing the normal eye exam and fundoscopy, the doctor found signs of a possible papilledema in my left eye (my right eye has near perfect vision and there were no abnormalities). He started asking me questions related to whether or not I get daily headaches and if I had high blood pressure (no to both). He then recommended I see my primary doctor ASAP. 

Fast forward to today and my primary. She completed a series of test to test my coordination and balance (normal results). she also looked at my eyes and noticed an abnormality in my left eye. She also noticed that while I was speaking to her my left eye would start “drifting” towards my nose like a lazy eye. I have never been told I have lazy eyes before this appointment. She told me she was going to order a stat CT scan and appointment for me with an ophthalmologist. 

Should I be worried?
##########
32m I'm an alcoholic, and my vision has gotten worse
I no longer have night vision at all, and the contrast has grown darker. White light seems green for some reason. My eyes don't adjust from sunlight to indoors for a very long time. I also have bright flashes when I blink if I haven't had a drink recently enough. Both eyes feel like they're itchy and gritty when I wake up in the morning. Please, I don't know what to do. I go into withdrawals if I don't drink, and I'm afraid I'm permanently damaging my vision if I continue. Is there a way to get my night vision back? Is this common?
##########
34M Complete Prescription?
I went to a new eye doctor today and the entire experience was very old-school (they used typewriters there, to paint the picture). Anyway, my old prescription had -0.25 for the CYL measurement and 112 &amp; 76 for the AXIS measurement. This new prescription does not have that filled in at all and just says "sph" for CYL with nothing for AXIS. Does that seem right, or should I use the old CYL and AXIS measurements for a new pair of glasses?

For additional reference, the SPH measurement on my old prescription was -3.75 and 3, and the new one is -3.5 and -3.25.
##########
27M Does this match scleral thinning?
EYE HERE: 

Due to lighting, it’s most obvious if you pause and drag along the video, especially when I look up.

Background: Never smoker, never do drugs, drink maybe once every 4 months, Middle Eastern origins, No meds. 27M currently, was diagnosed with scleritis and fall 2021 (24M then). They put me on 1800 mg of ibuprofen a day for about a month and a half along with Lotemax and Prolensa eye drops for a week or two. Did a bunch of blood tests and chest x-ray, all clear. 

It went away, but then it came back and ever since then it seems like I get some symptoms coming and going in the same eye (right) especially when I’m sick or just about to be sick. It’s been this way for over 2 years now.

The uveitis specialist that was supposed to take charge of me and follow up with me saw me and told me she doesn’t know my eyes and that I would have to see her when I have an active flare. Every single time I’ve tried to book an appointment with her since then I’ve been unsuccessful.

I had the same blue hue in my eye when I saw my optometrist at my yearly check up. I mentioned it specifically to her asking if a blue hue was alarming and she shrugged it off, saying it’s fine. 

I don’t want to go blind because of negligence and them ignoring me for some unknown reason.

Any insight is appreciated.
##########
32 M vision “blanks” out
I was born with congenital hydrocephalus and chiari 1 malformation and a VP shunt placed. I had two CTs done a couple of years apart a few years ago for excessive tiredness and poor concentration. The CTs showed my shunt is disconnected with well decompressed ventricles. My vision has been “blanking” out often at work where it’s not blacking out but my mind doesn’t seem to connect to my sight for seconds at a time. Ophthalmologic findings a year ago showed pseudopapilledema in just my right eye, I think.  My neurologist wasn’t worried about it. I was referred to a neurosurgeon because of the disconnected shunt, but he said I’m probably no longer shunt dependent and do not need a shunt revision. I’m seeing an optometrist in a few days for my vision problems. Does anyone have insight on what might be causing these vision problems? I can’t remember when it started but it’s probably been a few years.
##########
23F should I be wearing my glasses all the time?
I recently went to get my vision checked the main reason was because my eyes weren’t focusing correctly when I would look at certain things. I completely forgot to ask if I should use them all the time? 
My prescription 
O.D +2.50
CYL -1.00
AX 023

O.S -0.75
CYL 0.00
AX 000
PD 67/64
##########
19 f. seeking advise on yellow spot near retina.
I went to 2 optometrists and they both couldn't definitively tell me what this is. they said it could be a choroidal nevus, but that it doesn't look like the "typical one". They also couldn't definitively tell me whether or not it was choroidal melanoma. my mind automatically goes to the worst because both of my parents have had cancer and I lost my dad to leukemia. I know I'm only 19 years old and so its "rare" but I am still scared. can any ophthalmologist/optometrist/people with experience in this matter give me their advise or tell me what this likely could be??? I can't get in to the retina specialist for 2 months and want answers! thank you so much. also; I did get an OCT scan but don't have a picture of it. Im not even really sure what that reveals but the optometrist told me whatever this is has no depth to it. 


##########
30m visual snow
M30 - Im exhausted..

Hi!
Ive had visual snow symptoms for about 22 weeks now and I just want to know if it may be possible that the eye dilation exam was the onset for all this shit? They gave me 
Lidokain-Fluorescein to be able to check the pressure in the eyes and tropicamide-phenylephrine to dilate my eyes. The only problems I had before this appointment was this burning feeling in my eyes and the sensation that it looked dim outside therefore I went to the doctor. But 2 weeks after I got palinopsia, sparkling dots in the sky and on white surfaces, random color blotches in vision and tinitus. Damn this sucks
##########
25F help for internal stye
To start with, I have MGD and dry eye, I found this out whilst in the middle of having this stye.
Had it since May this year, constant warm compresses really helped it to drain. It drained and it was OK for a few weeks until 5 days ago, when I started getting a gritty, sandy eye. When I move my eyeball in the direction of the lump, it feels worse, when I move it away I can't feel the grittiness so I'm assuming the stye is flaring up again. Should I go to docs as the grittiness everyday is interfering with life now.
Thanks in advance.
##########
29M-Bright flashing floaters and sensitive to light
Hi, I’m currently kinda freaked out. I was at work today and I started to notice I was getting a bright spot like looked at a bright light for too long. Over 5-10min it got worse until I had a large C shaped bright line to the left center of my vision. It was flickering like a static TV and I was sensitive to bright light. 

This went on for another 5-10min until I was really having trouble seeing in my peripherals, like everything was getting brighter around me. I became dizzy and was pretty concerned I was going to pass out, quickly I ate a granola bar and the worst of it went away within a couple minutes. Now I have a lingering slight headache and an uneasy feeling. 

No diagnosed issues, my blood work always comes back good. The only medication I take is TRT injections for 4-5months every Friday. Any insight would be truly appreciated, this is the only time something like this has happened
##########
32M sensitive eyes / white discharge on the outside corners
Sensitive eyes / white discharge in the outer corners

32M I have this white/creamy build up on the outer corners of my eyes. Sometimes it’s more sometimes it’s less - more noticeable when driving, squinting when it’s sunny. I don’t mind it that much, but it’s usually accompanied by eye sensitivity which drives me crazy.

Sometimes it would be hard to keep an eye contact when talking to someone, my eyes would be sensitive to light, wind, artificial lighting and then there’s more build up in the corners. Also then it feels like my eyes are heavier, a little bit sticky and that there’s something in them, would get blurry floating patches which makes me rub my eyes. Strangely when I’m working on a computer all day, staring at screens it’s usually better and I don’t notice the sensitivity as much.

I’ve seen several different eye doctors, I’ve been prescribed Oftan Dexa-chlora eye drops - no noticeable improvement. Using blepharitis wipes, tried washing eye lids with baby shampoo, tried various eye drops, including the ones for allergies - only seem to make it worse after use. I’m doing hot eye compresses before bed which seem to help a bit. During the time I had this, I’ve changed countries, with different climates, changed diet - made no difference.
Oh and it worsens and gets better in waves and I can’t seem to find correlation with anything.
##########
25M, Question.
I have been diagnosed with lattice degeneration. This thing along with floaters made my life upside down in a literal sense.
So far I’ve gone through every possible moment in my life which involved contact with my eyes. 
So far there has been two instances where I accidentally hit my one eye with stick which resulted in red eyes for few days. That was around  11-12 years back. Next I had no instance but I rub eyes, not daily or frequently but sometimes. 

Are this two possible causes of lattice degeneration which caused floaters?
##########
31F possible central serous retinopathy
***2ND UPDATE W/ RETINA SPECIALIST (2ND OPINION) AT THE BOTTOM***


First Update: I got new imaging but they still are unsure about the diagnosis. The doctor didn't really seem interested in figuring out what is was (he seemed annoyed that I had any questions at all) and said that the working diagnosis could be solar retinopathy and that I could either wait and observe what happens or make an appointment to start some injections. 

I'll add the updated images and I would really appreciate any insight you could have because I would really like to know if I should get a second opinion before starting treatment for my undiagnosed issue

Updated OCT: OCT scan 7/15 




Original Post:


On 6/24 I got imaging and was told it might be CSR but they are unsure if that's it. I'm having a distorted spot in my peripheral vision that started on April 9th (after the solar eclipse but I took precautions including ISO certified eclipse glasses)

-no current medication but previously was (sept '23)
-stopped my celexa and vyvanse 70mg in September of last year
-ADHD and depression 
-normal BP (usually 120/80)



-white female 
-dont drink (less than 4× a year)
-quit smoking in January but relapsed in March and have smoked lightly this year off and on
No recreational drug use






2nd Update

***I saw a retina specialist and got fluorescent scans as well
The results were that I have Choroidal neovascular membrane of right eye and retina edema and my doctor had me get a lot of blood tests and a chest scan to see what could be the cause or the disease that is causing inflammation and messing with my eye. 

I didn't have a lot of what she tested for and she mentioned we might do tests for other inflammatory diseases if that was the case. I go back for more treatments (I'm getting some eye injections to help with the eye vascularization) and I'm hoping for some more answers then. She mentioned a lupus and some other things so I think we'll test for that next because I didn't have sarcoidosis or anything else she tested for. 

I did have an abnormal reault on my blood test -
high Mean Platelet Volume and I've had that result on my previous blood tests since 2021. 

I have my eye imaging and the results of the visit with the retina doctor attached here:

##########
26 F- Can I get last extensions post eye ulcer?
Hi all,

Found out I have a small corneal ulcer… I believe less than one millimeter &amp; in the peripheral. Being treated with steroids and antibiotics.

However, I have a trip coming up and wanted to know if I would be able to get eyelash extensions put back on my eyes (assuming I am off the antibiotics). By the time I get them off, it would be 11 days since I started the medicine and was diagnosed with the ulcer.

Anyone have any thoughts? Planning to refrain from Contacts for a little bit… But my eyelashes are looking bad, lol.
##########
35F Eyes de-focus and blur at night and i don't know how to take my eye exam
35F Eyes de-focus and blur at night and i don't know how to take my eye exam

White, I use medical marijuana, bupropion, trazadone, Baclofen and I take iron and vitamin c for iron deficiency

Every evening, seems like maybe 3 years now, my eyes seem to de focus and it's difficult to make them focus, so I see double. It seems to be when going from something up close to far away that makes them tired and I don't want to strain. I have pretty bad astigmatism so this makes my vision a lot worse 

My question is about my eye exam. I tried to relax my eyes at my last one, and both pairs of glasses are problematic so they're giving me a re-do. Should I try to focus when reading letters or keep them lazy like after a long day?
##########
43M with chronic CSR asking about anti Vegf injections.
I’ve has CSR in left eye for a year, I’ve tried PDT once and laser 2 times. At the initial laser treatment I had improved symptoms and the liquids subsided 60%. But then it came back worse.

My Dr is suggesting anti Vegf injections, and showed me charts of a recent patient he had that improved his CSR.

I’m a little apprehensive about injections in the eye. But at the same time I want to resolve the CSR. I’ve also read that Navigated Micro Pulse lasers can help CSR, and will be seeing a 2nd Dr to hopefully get that.

Please share your professional opinion and personal experience. Feeling worried I will go blind and would appreciate the support.

Thank you
##########
23F - contact lens expired 18 months ago
So my monthly contact just ripped, my glasses are scratched and the wrong prescription, and I’ve been waiting for my contacts to come in for weeks. I have a contact that’s been unopened/ stored that expired in Feb 2023.

I’m hoping my new lenses come in this week, but now that one ripped I would like to still see. I feel the expired contact is pretty durable since it’s a monthly. However, I have read that there is risk of bacteria having grown in the solution. 

I know it’s not ideal… but can’t I just treat the lens overnight with a clean clear hydrogen peroxide solution before putting it in my eye and be fine? When I first wore contacts when I was 12 I didn’t regularly wash my hands before putting them in... So I feel like my eye has been exposed to bacteria and been fine before.  I know there’s always a risk.. but is it really that high?
##########
1 optometrist: "slight 0.5mm Cornea Neo Vascularization, should resolve if I stop contacts for 30 days, or if I wear minimally 60 days..." other Optometry doc: early trace of limbal neo should resolve if I wear monthlies every month &amp; not for 2 months or longer....
1 optometrist: "slight 0.5mm Cornea Neo Vascularization, should resolve if I stop contacts for 30 days, or if I wear minimally 60 days..."  don't worry

other Optometry doc: first he said face to face that he didn't see Cornea Neo Vascularization, just wearing monthly contacts long for 2 months

and then when I reported what i thought was good news to the 1st optometrist, he said your 2nd opinion doc was wrong

I contacted the 2nd opinion doc and magically his assistant read off his notes after confronted with the retort:

"early trace of limbal neo should resolve if I wear monthlies every month &amp; not for 2 months or longer....don't worry (yes another don't worry)"

Now I'm going to an opthamologist friday for a conclusive diagnosis and effective treatment plan

  
I know online advice is subpar, but if I can post a question for the new fangled Amazon dot com "Clinic" section and get nurse practitioners to comment and optometrists to comment / diagnosis without actually seeing me, why can't I get answers from people who actually have had this experience? (rhetorical question)I should be able to.

  
I hope this resolves if I scale back soft high oxygen permeability contact lens wear after 1 or 2 months

  
Anyone has had this or similar? 

It seems other redditor's posts on Cornea Neo Vascularization due to Contact lens wearing--such CNV which can lead to blindness, mention, even doctors of optometry, mention, if one doesn't wear contacts as much or lessens wearing them the cornea will get enough oxygen it has been lacking and these blood vessels will eventually disappear as if this is nothing to worry about

I'm going to try to post photos now...
##########
21F Post Op Week 6 from intermittent exotropia correction
Eye is still very red and aches. There are little bumps on both the medial and lateral sides. I am very concerned about what this could be. I keep seeing other posts about people recovering by 4-5 weeks, and mine looks just as red as when the surgery was done.
##########
2.5yo lazy eye, poor vision 1% atropine
My 2.5yo has lazy eye (his left eye turns in) and a prescription of right eye +4.75 and left eye +5.25

He wears his glasses all the time, but his eye still turns in even with the glasses. His optometrist prescribed 1% atropine to be given in the morning and evening the day before his appointment and the morning of his appointment so she can get a more accurate diagnosis of his prescription. 

Is this typical? Even the pharmacist seemed a little weirded out by this protocol. My toddler doesn’t take eye drops well so I’m worried about systemic uptake, and wondering if this is even necessary at this point. 

Update: the drops were fine! He handled them like a champ, but still had to burrito and pin him to get them in. His eyes are still dilated and likely will be for at least a few more days. His prescription was changed to right eye +6.75 and left eye +7.00 so it was worth doing to get a more accurate prescription. Next step is bifocals.
##########
42F Right eye's vision gets (more) blurry in low light
Hi All,

In the last couple of years I developed some presbyopia, and in the last couple of months I also noticed that my right eye's vision has deteriorated regarding far vision. This means I have troubles reading texts (e.g. titles of books on a bookshelf) from a certain distance.  
I experience this in dim light. In bright light, especially in daylight the difference is gone 99%.

It seems I have some astigmatism too, I noticed this after having an eye inflammation 2 years ago (maybe it's just a coincidence), mostly with electronic traffic signs and as far as I see, my right eye is affected more with this, too. But it is fluctuating; sometimes I experience it sometimes I don't, I guess it depends on eye dryness or eye strain. (I'm in IT so I stare at a screen the whole day.)  
  
Also, there is a slight difference in my pupil sizes under specific light circumstances which made me concerned so I visited an eye doctor. I had a lots if visual tests done; fundus, eye pressure was fine, both pupils reacted to light properly and the doctor could not measure a significant difference in size.   
Regarding visual acuity test, I had some troubles with the smallest line using my right eye (I couldn't decide whether it was '8' or '3'), just as I expected (it was the same on my previous eye examination).   
In general, my left eye's vision is slightly better, sharper, I've already already noticed this a couple of years ago. 

I'm not sure if the mentioned problem (right eye's vision gets blurry in low light) is a new issue or I noticed it only because I have health anxiety and have been "testing" my vision a lot...  
  
Is this a concern? Or it's just aging?  
Thanks in advance!
##########
34F Bilateral Optic Atrophy
34F patient. My vision has deteriorated from 20/40 in my bad eye in 2018 to 20/200 in 2024. I’ve noticed more blurriness in general and struggle with light contrast. Corrected, the best we can get my visual acuity to is is 20/40. My OCT has been red across the board since 2018 albeit worse/ more thinned out recently. My disc pallor is much more pale now. Ruled out MS and going to see a Neuro-Ophthalmologist in a month. 

Curious: what is the likelihood that my vision will continue to deteriorate? Likelihood of going blind? Anyone have experience with this kind of case? Trying to prepare. 

TIA!
##########
16F - Chronic eye pain
White with history of depression taking Sertraline

I've been experiencing aching and burning sensations in my eyes for as long as I can remember. It's there most days and sometimes worse that others. I also frequently have neck pain and headaches. I thought this was eye strain from using my computer but regardless of what I do throughout the day the pain is still there, sometimes in the morning as soon as I wake up. 

The pain is so intense sometimes that it feels like my eyes are going to implode. I try to close them to rest then but sometimes that makes the pain worse. Another strange thing I've noticed is that when I close my eyes tightly when they're hurting, I get chills down my spine and shiver a bit. I haven't found anything online about the shivering so I'm very confused.

I've got an eye appointment soon and I've been previously told by my eye doctor that the pain is caused by my eyes over-focusing and that I should get readers, but I don't think I articulated how bad the pain was and I didn't tell him about the shivering either.
##########
22M is this episcleritis? how to get rid of it
Ive had a red dot on my eye for about 2 years and its starting to ruin my confidence since im constantly asked if im high or why my eyes are red.
I have a history of dry eyes, regular contact use and recurring styes so im assuming its probably from that.

Is there any surgery, lasers, eye drops to get rid of it for good? any advice would help thanks!

images:  https://
postimg.cc/2LFBD8Tn
##########
40M - Stubborn Chalazion
I have been suffering from Bleph for almost a year now, and lately I have been experiencing a lid lump on my upper left eye.

I saw my eye doctor a few weeks ago and received a kenalog injection, but unfortunately is was not successful (i think it went down a bit tho)

Last night when i was doing my lid hygiene, I noticed a white sac on my inner eyelid.  Kind of freaked me out but im assuming this is the chalazion sac?  Is surgery the only way to kill this damn thing?  Thanks in advance.
##########
24F Sudden rainbow halos around lights and blurred vision
(Edited to fix age in description) 

Background: 24F, asian descent. I do not take any medications except sometimes Advil or ibuprofen as needed (for headaches or cramps), I also do not do drugs and I do not drink alcohol. 

Apologies for the length, I'm very concerned and want to be thorough.

Tldr: sudden onset of rainbow halos and blurry vision, ER doc checked &amp; all eye tests (slit lamp, eye pressure reading, pupil dilation, visual acuity) came back normal yet problem persists (went away at night, came back the next day).

Yesterday around early afternoon I experienced very large and obvious rainbow halos around all lights and blurry vision (including with glasses, contacts, and even prescription sunglasses on) which I had never before experienced. My blurry vision was as though I was in a sauna or a smoky room. I thought it might be due to the heat and bright sunlight, as yesterday was the start of a heat wave in my area. I also had a mild headache which I took Advil for and the headache went away.

However when the vision problems persisted until late evening I grew worried and went to the ER. While waiting to be seen by the doctor, my symptoms started clearing up (so, the symptoms lasted around 2PM-12AM yesterday). When I was finally seen, he did an eye pressure reading, held a light up to my eyes to check dilation, and did a slit lamp and visual acuity test. All turned out normal. The ER doc recommended I contact my optometrist, which I have and I am awaiting a response.

When I returned home around 3AM, there were no more halos and no blurry vision.

However, it is now the next day (another hot day) and I am experiencing the same symptoms of blurry vision and rainbow halos again. I do not have a headache this time.

Both days, the issue affected both eyes and I have no accompanying eye redness or eye pain, and no numbness or tingling of any sort in my body. The issue is also in my entire visual field and not a single/specific area or anything. Today, I had my roommate check if my pupils reacted to an iPhone's flashlight (similar to how the doctor did), and they did constrict (according to my roommate).

I am really concerned as I have no idea what could be causing this and want it to go away and the ER doc was also confused on what it could be, yet he seemed pretty confident that it was not acute glaucoma due to the results of the eye exams he performed (but again, my visual issues had subsided greatly by the time the exams were performed).

I have also had a full comprehensive eye exam by an optometrist a little less than a month ago and everything was normal. If it matters, my eye prescription is -1.25 on each eye with slight astigmatism (I think 0.25?) on only one eye.
##########
29M blurry vision after treatment
Blurry vision after treatment

Blurry vision after treatment

Quick background story: have had upper back tension for about four months. Tried some different therapist, but none seemed to be able to rid me of it. Yesterday I went to a guy known for having a lot of knowledge on back. He did this:
- Cracked my T4/T5 and T7/T8 joint (he identified them as the primary source of tension)
- Did hard massage on the muscles along the spine and lower ribs while I was laying face down

Back felt better, but after I got up from the bench I had really blurry vision. If I concentrated I could focus for a couple seconds, but quickly lost my focus again. It felt as if I could blink it away, but I couldnt. Eveything seemed blurry, near and afar, on both eyes I think. I would compare it to having bad allergies on your eyes, or the feeling you get after rubbing your eyes for some time. However, the blurriness lasted for 30 minutes! It did get gradually better over those 30 minutes - from feeling like being underwater and back to normal. The first 5 minutes was intense, after that around 70% was gone, but it did take around 25 minutes for the last 30% to dissappear. 

Obviously freaked me out! Now (the day after) everything seems normal. But the experience did scare me. I am now wondering if the experience was caused by lying face down with pressure (pressure on eyes?) or if it was something from his treatment that might have caused it. 

Anyone else experienced this? Anyone that can chime in on what was going on? Should I investigate this further? 

Other health info: Have Vitiligo (autoimmune skin disease). Did routine bloodwork 2 months ago - everything was normal.
##########
39M - Hopefully easy question: text on a screen "smearing" to left and right, otherwise all is sharp
Hello kind vision-care people,

I have a bit of a mystery and no amount of searching has helped me. I'd be grateful for any opinions and won't hold anyone to their interpretation as I'm just trying to figure it out.

I have *two* pairs of glasses, exact same RX and PD. One works perfectly fine, while the other "smears" text on a screen to the left and right. They are both rectangular in shape and very similar in overall form, though the pair that *doesn't* work right is somewhat wider. I suspect this is the problem, but don't know enough to render an opinion.

They are both meticulously clean with no scratches or damage I can see.

I do not drink. I do not smoke. I take a medication  but this is unlikely to be an issue as it has been the same one for 15+ years. I do not use recreational drugs more than occasionally, and none are illicit.

I had an eye exam recently (&lt; 1 year) and no health problems were made apparent to me by the opthalmologist.

Any ideas? Is more information needed?
##########
2 subconjunctival hemorrhages in 6 months
39F In January I had my first ever subconjunctival hemorrhage, it happened in my right eye. I went to an eye doctor and they said it's common, if it keeps happening get it checked out. Ironically yesterday I went for a full eye exam because my eyesight in my right eye is blurry and has been getting worse with age. I got my first ever glasses perception +2.00 in my right eye and +0.75 in my left,  plus astigmatisms. I'll get my glasses in 2 weeks. I don't mean to but I keep rubbing my right eye because the vision is so different from my left it bothers me. After I rubbed it today I got another subconjunctival hemorrhage. Same eye as January, my bad right eye. Should I go to my PCP and get checked for clotting disorders or whatever? Or is it most likely because I won't leave it alone and keep rubbing it (subconsciously) I feel like it's because I keep bothering it but I dunno.
##########
41M Highly myopic requiring cataract surgery
I had my retina detached when I was young in both my eyes and fortunately it was fixed in one of my eyes and I am blind in the other. I have a high myopia as well with a prescription of -27. In my recent checkup, I was diagnosed with cataract. I am now in my 40s and having difficulty seeing things clearly (not even 20/60). And it hinders my day to day activities significantly.

With a bit of research that there are lot of risks involved with cataract surgery with high myopic patients. Given I have vision only in one eye, what should be my course of action here. I would love to get a clear vision. But I am also bit concerned about Retinal Detachment post surgery.

And advice or experience you had with such patients would really be helpful.
##########
28M: Weird double vision issue in only one eye
Hey! I've started noticing a very odd double vision that only affects my left eye (can confirm this by closing the right eye). This has started around the middle of last year, 6 months or so after I got my new glasses and it persists if I change to my old glasses or don't use any.

Most of the time I can see the normal image somewhat fine, though that eye also has a slight blur to it.  
As a reference, I've tried reproducing how I see things using Photoshop here:  
For some reason, that eye can see things slightly sharper when I don't have any glasses on, even though I have -4.00 on both eyes. For example, writing this post on my laptop, I can read it somewhat well (I'd say maybe 5/10) without glasses, while for the right eye I can't see anything at all, everything is blurred into oblivion.

The glasses I'm currently using (from 2022) are -3.50/-4.25 S, -1.00/-1.00 C, 180/175 axis.

A few weeks ago I got a visit to a different doctor to check if I had any prescription changes, and his measurements were -4.00/-4.00 S, -1.25/-0.50 C, 170/175 axis.  
He used both a machine that kind of focused on my eyes and also did the same test we're used to with the letters, but also warned me that I might not get a much better prescription on the left eye and that I might need to go to a different doctor to check the double vision issues.

Overall, my main intent with this post is to try and identify possible causes to this issue so I can find the right professional to visit, as there seems to be quite a few specializations, kind of overwhelming to know where to start.

Thanks!
##########
29F got Sanitol spray in my eye
I work alone at a coffee shop, and I was wiping down tables using Sanitol spray( with a cloth that's drenched with it. 

As i was wiping, it splashed into my eye (from being too wet)- it's been roughly 30mins since this has happened. I feel fine, I've washed with water and soap, and even kept rinsing my eye with water. No pain, no sting, no redness. 

I do feel completely fine, but just wanted anyone else who may have more knowledge on this would maybe advise?

Since im currently working alone, i don't have anyone else i can ask about it as of now. Or would it be best that  i call up my manager to tell them about it and so i can go home early to get checked out?
##########
16F Weird eye bump
Today I woke up with a weird but mild eye pain when I blink. I took a guess that it was from my makeup remover last night and that it might have gotten into my eye and it just hurt a bit still. At lunchtime it was still in pain, so I checked again and saw a pimple-like bump in my eyelid. I have no clue what it is or what to do, does anyone know? 

Photos : [

I wear glasses everyday, but yesterday I wore contacts so I could comfortably wear sunglasses outside. Could that have been the issue?

UPDATE : I took a nap from around 4-6pm today and it was gone Unsure of what happened, just happy that it is gone and wanted to update on it!!
##########
32M Pink eye getting more red
I woke up Wednesday morning with the area around my eye swollen with some tenderness in the eye. I also had swollen lymph nodes on that side of my face. Prior to that, I was having a few days of really bad allergies and rubbing my eyes a lot (I know! Big mistake). So on Wednesday morning I went to the ER and the doctor told me that I just need to wait it out since it’s viral and I won’t need any antibiotics. So I came home and I’ve just been applying hot compress on it since and not doing much else to treat it. I have not seen any improvements however and I feel like throughout the day on Wednesday my eye kept getting more red and the intense redness has just been lingering. My lymph nodes swelling has gotten better and I feel like the swelling around my eye has gotten a little bit better but not by much. I don’t have blurred vision or any other symptoms. I do have sensitivity to light in the morning and the infected eye does get more tired at the end of the day but nothing else. 

I was wondering if I should go back to the doctor. I was just browsing pink eye and I feel like the intensity of my redness is more than what’s been posted. The first photo is from Wednesday and the second one is from today. The angle and closeness of the camera aren’t the same but this is the best thing I have to a comparison. Thank you for your help!


##########
18M What are the chances an optometrist would miss a corneal abrasion/something in eye?
I went to the optometrist earlier today, and briefly mentioned to the nurse that I had a slight discomfort in my eye. I was also concerned about a few other things which were cleared up, and there was nothing wrong with my eye. I’m home now, and the feeling of something in my eye is still there, and I notice a very slight blurriness after blinking in my non lazy eye. I’ve had this feeling for awhile, it is not constant, and I have not had any vision loss.
##########
38f high pressure asymmetrical optic nerves
I have always had glasses, always had amblyopia in my right eye. Last month at my regular vision screening she said my eye pressure was high, but also said it could be a faulty test since I have tilted lashes, but then dilated my eyes and noticed my left eyes optic nerve is larger than the right. She said normally high pressure and asymmetrical optic nerves are a sign of glaucoma, but I’m youngish and have healthy eyes, so I shouldn’t be worried if I don’t have a family history. 
  I called my mom after the appointment and she said she also has high eye pressure and my grandma DOES have glaucoma. I’m 38. My left eye is my good eye. I’m so scared. She wasn’t helpful when I asked what I needed to do or who I needed to see. She told me to see if any of my other eye drs have taken pictures of my eyes and if I can get them to her she can look and see if I’ve always had asymmetrical nerves. I had photos taken once in 2015 and the dr there doesn’t have any pictures on file from that long ago. I’m terrified! She just said come back next year as normal and we will check again, but the anxiety this is giving me would drive me out of my mind for the next year. Who would I even make an appointment with to check it out further? Neurologist? Ophthalmologist?
##########
29M Opthalmologist and I are dumbfounded
I cannot find any relief from foreign body sensation in my right eye for 6 months now. It feels like something is stuck in my eye lid brushing my eye. But my ophthalmologist cannot find anything except "dry eye". 
Could it be possible to have a fresh cut piece of hair pierce the eye lid and be hidden from view? Is there any way at all something could be stuck in your eyelid for 6 months?
##########
29m producing a lot of eye mucus
Been dealing with this eye issue for almost 6 months now and was told to just use pataday and then recently was told my eye lid muscle is weak and to use ointment at night. But essentially my eyes produce eye goop through out the day like a excess amount and when I wake up in the morning I have a lot in my eyes that isn’t crusted but still wet any other ideas what this could be I think I need to seek a second opinion other than my primary eye doc
##########
25M wd40 in the eye
I got a little bit of wd40 in my eye a few hours ago. I immediately flushed my eye for about 5 minutes (i dont know how thorough i was, was tough to keep my eye open). Didn't experience any pain. Now a couple hours later i have a very minor irritation. Is this something i should get checked out or am i probably fine?
##########
37M Ghosting vision.
For the last year I've had vision issues where each eye would fluctuate on visual clarity. One morning my left eye is clear and stays that way all day while the right is blurry. Next day the right may be clear with the left blurry and occasionally both are fine. This doesn't change with drops only after sleeping over night. To note I do also have astigmatism in both eyes.

Fast forward to seeing an ophthalmologist and they say I have evaporative dry eye due to MGD and also have slight blepharitis. After three red laser mask treatment's and an expression of the glands he claims my oils are coming out much better and said I should keep doing heated eye masks before bed and lid wipes. 

Fast forward a month and my vision seemed to have stabilized but I noticed my left eye wasn't as clear and had slight ghosting but the right eye was perfect and stable with zero ghosting. So I went on a family trip to a theme park and rode a bunch of roller coasters and vision was fine all day and even when I got home. Went to bed and all of a sudden my right eye has extreme ghosting and stayed that way for the last couple weeks. My glasses are metal and slightly curved so I put on my old flat plastic frame glasses and it has lessened but not gotten rid of the ghosting. I noticed a couple days ago when watching TV that had subtitles I lifted my finger in front of my eye to scratch my eyebrow that the ghosting almost completely goes away with my finger slightly above the middle of my pupil right in front of my glasses.

So I guess my question is, is the ghosting from dry eye or did the roller coasters do something else. I have no insurance anymore so going back to the ophthalmologist is out of the question right now.
##########
27M. Adenoviral keratitis opacities returned after topical steroids
I got viral conjunctivitis in my left in January. A few weeks later, I got glary vision in my left eye. Not too bad, just kind of annoying.

I was prescribed dexamethasone 0.1% drops 4x daily for 2 weeks, then 3x daily for 2 weeks, then 2x daily for 2 weeks, then 1x daily for 2 weeks.

The glare subsided almost-entirely throughout this time (although some opacities remained as viewed under the microscope). It has been 7 weeks since I ended the treatment and the glare has returned.

Is jumping on another course of dexamethasone worth it or do I just have to wait months/years for the glare to reduce once again? Im concerned about the long-term effects of topical steroid drops but on the flipside, I'm also concerned that the glare wont subside..

No other medical issues. Non-smoker. Drink minimally. Thank you!
##########
50s F Should I Let Her Know?
I work in an office (I'm fairly new and still building relationships) where our customers are doctors... 

Yesterday one came in and I noticed one of her eyes kept flashing like it was really reflecting light very differently than the other. She is a 50 something white woman and the lighting was low to average. It's my understanding that the eye cancer situation is typically in children and seen when you use a camera, not the naked eye. 

At the time I wondered if it was something like a corneal transplant or something and didn't want to embarass her and make her think everyone can see it or tell, but all night I've worried about whether this is something I should tell her about and if I can help her be seen earlier on in whatever is going on if it's not something she's already had treated. 

I am not sure what other info I can give, but I will answer any questions I can.

Any thoughts or advice? I just want to walk the line of appropriateness well. Thanks in advance!
##########
41F- red eye every morning
Had conjunctivitis on 4/25. The following eyedrops were prescribed and used: 4/22: poly b 5/8: ofloxacin 5/17: neo poly dex 5/17: maxitrol 5/28: ciprofloxacin | finished each round of antibiotic drops but the red eye eventually comes back. Every morning I wake up and my left eye Is so red and has goop. During the night if I wake up it's sore. Since April, my eyes feel like l've been crying and feel very tired. Taking forever to get into an ophthalmologist.
##########
36M How strongly do opthamologists weight a patient's report of no change in vision when interpreting the results of an exam under dilation?
**Background:** I (36M) am -7 in my left eye and -7.75 in my right. I had my annual eye exam a few days ago. I was dilated as usual, and my doctor noted for the first time during the exam that I had snail track degeneration inferiorly in the left eye and that there may have been a hole in the region at some point, though she did not see one now. (I also have a long-standing stable superior nasal "eye freckle" in the same eye.) I have been seeing the same doctor for several years, and she said that the degeneration is likely to have existed for some time but that she likely never saw it because it is very far into the periphery and I was quite well dilated during this exam.

I have had a substantial number of floaters for a good portion of my adulthood and probably my childhood, so I reported no change in floaters, which I think is true, though I have always found it hard to determine whether I have had an increase or not, since they come and go with light intensity. 

For the last few years I have also felt that there is a sort of warping just outside my vision in the upper left periphery and have mentioned this to my doctor before, but previous exams have never turned up anything besides the eye freckle, whose location is directly opposite where the felt warping would be. This warping has never really felt like a "shadow" or "veil" to me, and so while I worried about it being an indicator of a retinal detachment when I first noticed it, I no longer report it as a change in vision. (In fact, I still don't know if my thinking it's there is simply a product of anxiety or not.)

When going into the most recent exam, I reported no change in vision, which I think is correct. As usual, I reported that I see floaters but only mentioned the warping in passing. I don't think I have experienced flashes of light, but I have some uncertainty about this, since I've never been quite sure exactly what these flashes look like. (I have ocular migraines and know that these flashes are quite different from flashes associated with retinal detachment, lasting much longer and, for me, affecting both eyes.) 

**Question:** How strongly do opthamologists tend to weight patient's report of no change in vision when interpreting the results of an exam under dilation–especially one in which they find a risk factor for retinal detachment? The doctor did review the signs to watch out for, but given that I reported a lack of change in vision, might this push the doctor not to refer me to a retina specialist, when she might have if I had reported my symptoms in a slightly different way? I'm mainly wondering if it's worth following up with her sooner than my next annual appointment to see whether she thinks it's worth seeing a retina specialist or whether I should be looking for clearer, more drastic *changes* in vision before following-up.
##########
13-15F problem with blurry eyes
I am black/African 

# 

So I noticed that my eyes have been having some issues, I noticed that when I relax my eyes everything becomes blurry. I also noticed that when I cover one of my eyes everything becomes blurry, it takes about 3-5 seconds to focus, after one of my eyes becomes focused, I would blink and it would go back to being blurry for a few seconds again. I have been having this issue for about 6 month but I have been noticing it more lately. I don't think any medicine for my eyes, am going to the eye doctor maybe this week. I don't drink or consume any drugs. So is this normal or am I being over exaggerating? (please excuse me if I have any grammar mistakes English isn't my first language) &lt;you cant visually see my problem so I will not be adding a picture l&gt;
##########
40m does clogged tear duct cause sinus discomfort?
I had a nasolacrimal duct probing and intubation (still have tube in) for a watery eye and was curious if the tear duct issue can cause sinus discomfort around nose? 

I get occasional burning and fullness feeling even though there is nothing to blow.

40m
Diabetes
Moderate drinker
Non smoker
##########
40F - strange symptoms after Lasik consultation - glory effect with contacts
40 year old female, no drugs, no smoking, no history of eye issues other than nearsightedness. I had a Lasik consultation/exam yesterday and they used some sort of drops to test my tear quality. I qualified for Lasik, and went on my way with a quote. I had worn my glasses for a day prior, but unless I'm sick I wear contacts 16-ish hours a day. 

I put my contacts in after the exam and went along with my day. It started getting hazy after about a half hour and by a few hours later I could barely see. I got to a place where I could take them out again, figuring they were just dry or something, but the haze remained. It cleared up over the next hour and I was able to drive home. 

This morning I put my contacts back in and within a half hour, they were starting to fog up again. I took them back out and the haze is starting to clear. The haze is worse in bright light and if I look at a point of light (like a lamp or headlights) it looks exactly like a "glory" from an airplane.[glory]( 

I called the Lasik center and am waiting on a call back. They're about 2 hours away in Canada, I'm in the states. 

The only other compounding factor is I started some new contacts on Sunday, Acuvue Oasys and the peroxide cleaner. I have been using dailies for years, but had used the peroxide cleaner for years prior to switching, so I'm hesitant to think it's that. 

I have plenty of my old dailies left to see if those trigger symptoms, but I'm really worried that something with the drops messed up my eyes.
##########
36M/Acute CSR questions
Hi everyone,

I’m very aware the pathology of CSR is quite narrow outside of the obvious stuff (type A, stress, corticos, cortisol, etc), but I was hoping to find some alternative intelligence here if any had experience or studies.

First off I tick all the boxes for a classic CSR case, so that doesn’t help, but I also have for several years taken testosterone cyp, variety of peptides, and done cycles of HGH. I am also on low dose adderall s couple times a week. I do bloodwork quarterly, monitor A1C religiously (diabetes in fathers side of family, he has diabetic retinatherapy), and my retina specialist swears up and down none of these would contribute to the onset of CSR. He believes the endogenous corticosteroids are to blame any anything exogenous is unlikely. 

Surely I can (and have) founde narrow studies where’s there’s relations to all of these and CSR, but I’m also a pragmatic and of course that’s possible. Wondering if anyone here has an my experience in this lane of CSR?

FYI. I noticed issues seeing last week of April, appt and diagnosed on May 8th, retina specialist visit on May 22nd confirmed (and getting bigger). I’ve had good and bad days. Does this journey sound pretty common? By common I mean worse before it tapers down? I’m on month 2 headed into month 3 with the next visit scheduled for July 22nd.

Thank you kindly
##########
23M. What is this white spot in my iris?
Few months ago, I got wind/dust in my right eye. Hours later, eyeball became teary, red and inflammed. It also feels like there's small bump/pimple. Went to check in the mirror and it's a white spot in the iris at the edge. Days passed and it all turned normal and fine but the white spot remained.

  
Few months passed and 2 days ago, got some wind/dust again, turned teary, red, inflammed again but worse. There's mucus discharge, deep sudden ache few times and light sensitive. Hours passed and I mostly close my right eye unless necessary. It gets sticky and dry then watery if opened. I used some ionizes alkaline eye drops and water. What is this and should I leave it be again? All of my google searches just adds in my anxiety. Here's the pic: [
##########
37M diagnosed CRVO
Hello, I have recently been diagnosed with CRVO,  it probably started about 2 months ago after I noticed bright dots and some black lines in the center of my vision. Last month I went to see the emergency ophthalmologist after receiving a small metal shard in on eye. After I mentioned the bright dot to him, he then scheduled another appointment 15 days later where he diagnosed the CRVO. He told me the hemorrhage is not on the macula therefore my vision is still ok for now but that he usually not see that in young healthy patients. So he scheduled another appointment next 15 days for more exams with some dyes. Today I don't see the white bright dots, nor the black line anymore but my vision doesn't feel normal either, it is hard to pin point what it is exactly. I have multiple exam scheduled for next few months with a regular doctor and then cardiologist. But after reading about the disease I am starting to worry a bit that I might loose vision if this continues, is there anything else I should do on my side or prepare for ? I don't drink, nor smoke and I eat healthy. Does this disease also increase risk factor for strokes or something like that?
##########
18F, I stared into the sun (stupid I know!) for under a minute and now I can’t see out of the middle of my eye
It is not as bad today as it was the first day, but I have a blind spot in the centre of my vision. I have absolutely no other symptoms apart from that. No sensitivity, no problems with seeing color, not affecting how I see the size of objects etc. Just the blind spot. I’m scared that it won’t go away ever. Will it? My eyes don’t hurt or anything and other than the spot my vision is perfect. I’m scared to see my optician incase he calls me an idiot, which he obviously has every right to do.
##########
31F HSV1 and eye symptoms
31F, recent diagnosis of HSV1 and was started on Valtrex 1g BID right away. During middle of this course, I also developed eye symptoms, red eye, grittiness, blurred/cloudy vision intermittently along with mild eye swelling. 

 Anyway, I went to the eye doctor and they said eyes were dry, with very slight incomplete lid closure and if it was herpes, I am already on Valacyclovir oral 1g so nothing further to do as my corneas were healthy and clear. 

I finished taking the full 7 day course and the eye symptoms came RIGHT back- this time in both eyes with grittiness and some light sensitivity. Vision doesn't seem to be affected. 

Should I be worried? No one seems to understand what is going on . The eye doctor says it's just maybe dryness and PCP says this isn't really possible. But I know prior to HSV, I never had these eye symptoms altogether like this. Both eyes are now red today as soon as I stopped and my doctor is giving another 3 days of Valtrex.
##########
31F need help relieving conjunctivitis symptoms
31F. I've been told i have allergic conjunctivitis by two opthalmologists. I was first diagnosed 18 years ago when i had red, itchy, inflamed eyes. They prescribed me steroid and zinc sulfate drops. Drops helped as long as i used them but my doctor said i shouldn't be using them all the time but when i stopped my complaints were coming back. My conjunctivitis only starts to flare at the beginning of the spring and it gets worse during the summer and it goes away during the fall + winter. I don't wear contacts or makeup. I went to see the same doctor a few times during the years he changed my drops but didn't tell me to use anything else. I also went to see another one a few years back and she prescribed me Tobradex, ketoftil and ipolac eye drops. They didn't tell me if i have bacterial infection or dry eyes or anything else but both doctors were a bit dismissive in general so i can't be sure if i have anything else or not. 
My experience with eye drops is that antihistamine drops containing olopatadine and ketotifen doesn't work as well as steroid ones. Last year i bited the bullet and used Tobradex 1 times every day for 3-4 months and it had been the most comfortable summer I've had since years. But I'm afraid to do that continuously since steroid drops have side effects which can be caused by long term use. 

I don't know what else to do, my eyes are itchy and red all the time and i get white stringy things in my eyes causing discomfort to the point i can't function, i remove them using cotton swabs but my eyes become more inflamed as result. 
Any insight is appreciated.
##########
27, F. Two years post retina reattachment surgery update.
Causasian, don't smoke, rarely drink.

Feel free to take this down if not OK for the sub and my apologies. Since some people have reached out in the old post (now locked) and pm'd me for info I thought I'd post an update as some consider it an interesting case.

I had a retina detachment two years ago, my reattachment surgery turned 2 on June 15. I was 25, mild miopia (-2.50/10 sorry we do out of 10). Presented with severe vitreous degeneration for 6 months pre-detachment but wasn't considered at risk. It started with strong flashes at night ,truly like a camera flash going off. By the end I had so much vitreous and floaters moving around I scored as legally blind out of the right eye. Low and behold, textbook retina detachment half moon dark shape creeping up from the bottom of my vision. Went for a check on the Monday, had emergency surgery on the Wednesday. Horseshoe tear in the top right quadrant by the side of my nose and 30/40% of the retina already detached.

Got a vitrectomy with 360 degrees laser sealing around the retina perimeter on top of sealing the tear. Sf6 gas for 2 weeks, told how to posture, not to let the gas touch the front of the eye as not to oxidise the crystalline and sent on my way to lay face down for a week.

Well here we are two years later, post my last 6 months check up (we moving up to a year). I am now -3.50, everything is wonderfully attached, retina still flashes in low light conditions and when I sneeze but that's probably going to stay for good and it seems I've made it into the low percentage of people who does not develop post surgical cataracts!! I think the young age plays a lot into this. Oh and last year I walked face first into a pole and not even that detached my retina.

The other eye you ask ? Bit of a weak retina, vitreous pulled for a bit but now stopped, showing no signs of risk of tears.

If you have any questions, I am happy to answer. I share your fascination with anything eyes now! Oh and we have no idea why it happened, though one guess is dehydration since I spent 25 years of my life drinking less than 0.5l of water per day. Now it's more.

EDIT: And a big thanks to everyone who supported and replied back in the day!
##########
49 F cotton wool spot or demylenation- referral to an ophthalmologist
I went to an optometrist because my right eye was feeling just a bit “off”. They found a cotton wool spot or demylenation - she couldn’t tell. It wasn’t there two years ago. Referred to an ophthalmologist for July 2nd. 

How is an ophthalmologist (not a neurologist ophthalmologist) able to tell the difference when the optometrist couldn’t?

Any advice on questions or expectations for my appointment would be greatly appreciated. 

I am worried because I get occipital migraines that they will discount other causes. More health info below.

-49 y/o Caucasian female in Ontario Canada, non smoker, non drinker, no recreational drugs. 
-zero history of high blood pressure 
-history of xanthelasma palpebrum (statin) since 35yrs (low HDL cholesterol). 
-30 yr history of migraines (Botox and nasal spray triptan and propanalol). 
-had an episode of chest pain 1.5 years ago and had ecg and nuc med stress test no concerns. Doctor thinks it was an esophageal spasm. 
-major abdominal bariatric surgery February of this year under general anesthetic. Weight was 240 now below 200. 5’3”.
-not diabetic. 

I also take Zoloft for anxiety and vitamins and 300mg ferrous gluconate iron supplement. 

Thank you.
##########
28M Root cause for my floaters?
Race: South Asian. Non smoker Non drinker

TLDR;My eye floaters started suddenly in April, **both eyes**. Ophthalmologist said retina is healthy. Its bothering me a lot and is affecting my quality of life. What can be the possible root cause and what can I do about it?

28M

Height: 6'1

Weight: 190 lbs

I'll summarize the events I have been through in the pas months:

**Feb**

* was at the gym, did a nice workout. Started chin tucks to strengthen my neck. From the next day started feeling weird, had some dizziness spells for a week
* after a week post Hot shower got tingling feeling in my right hand pinkie and ring
* Panicked and went to the Urgent care, turns out I was panicking. Got blood work done everything except LDL came normal
* Next day leg starts feeling heavy. Started twitching all over the body, more in legs panicked and went to the ER. They sent me back
* went to PCP , got b12 and vit d checked. b12 was 280 pg/mL. Started supplementing it

**March**

* Twitching stopped for a few weeks, I try to get back by going for a run. My right feet gets cramped easily and starts paining. I took a weeks rest
* Next week I go for a small jog my feet starts burning as if its on fire. Stops once I stop running and take off my shoes.
* Go see my pcp, she refers me to nuero1, she does some basic reflex tests which turned out to be ok. My BP was a bit high 130/80 but prescribes me vitamins and CoQ

**April**

* My leg doesnt feel normal and still burns if I stand for a long time or go for a long walk, my pcp refers me to nuero2. I get my EMG/NCV test. The doctor says its perfectly normal. Asks me to get b12 checked again+ Methylmalonic Acid(MMA) b12 comes out to be 780 this time and mma was 188nmol/L, hence normal.
* Sometimes my right calf would have pain as if someone poked me in one spot really hard.
* Now I go to a podiatrist next. He gets my feet Xray : Perfectly normal. He suggested that I stand not in the best form and suggested shoe inserts costing ($500+) I put ahold to that for now
* Now I get floaters in both eyes. Left eye is a big clump and it looks like a black dot. right eye is a web like structure. Ophthalmologist said retina looks healthy and that she could see the floater in my left eye.

**May**

* My pcp ordered a brain MRI which came to be normal, I am awaiting results on thoracic and cervical MRIs

**June**

* After walking 18k steps this one day I had stabbing right shoulder pain, it went away in an hour
* Did bloodwork again: only cholesterol came out of bounds (210 mg/dL; LDL 140 mg/dL)

**Current Situation**:

* My right feet the muscle along the little toe twitches the most on and off. Random twitches (back muscle, shoulder, thigh, calf, lip etc), these are infrequent.
* My legs feel tired or as if they dont have that energy that I use to have. Idk if its because I haven't exercised much in the past 4 months. However I am able to walk 10k steps but theres some weird feeling when I walk for long hours as if it'll start paining
* Floaters are still there and after going through every post on eye floaters I am concerned these will not go away and my quality of life will be affected. It doesn't make sense to me why did I get floaters in both eyes all of a sudden and the doc says everything is fine.
##########
52F.  Questions regarding flashes in outer part of the vision in one eye
Thought I'd mention I have glaucoma and get dilated exams frequently, and had SLT done 2 months ago.  Anyway, I went to the ER this past weekend because I had flashes in vision (only when moving eyes) on the outer part of one eye. No pain or vision change.  I noticed two new large floaters immediately in that eye.  The ER ophthalmologist did a full exam with dilation and didn't find a tear or detachment, so he sent me home. Said it was probably vitreous material pulling away from retina as we get older.  My eye doc knows about the visit and I have appt with him in a few days.  It's been 3 days since ER and I still get a very brief flash/disturbance on the outer part of that eye when moving my eyes rapidly.  Is that "normal" yet?  Anyone ever have that diagnosis and have those lingering symptoms?
##########
27F, Question about Scleritis thinning?
Hello all,

(*info: I do not use recreational drugs, I drink during special occasions (rare) and I do not smoke.*)  
  
Just recently, I had been diagnosed with Scleritis in both eyes. I am currently taking 100mg of Prednisone (for two weeks) which is working wonders for severe eye pain (I guess from pressure/swelling) as well as light sensitivity. An Ophthalmologist I visited for a follow up recommended that I see a Rheumatologist since some of the blood markers in my tests have come back positive, which, could mean I have some sort of Auto-immune disease.

My PRIMARY COMPLAINT/QUESTION is in relation to my eyes specifically. Because I have Scleritis in both eyes, they have some areas of a blue-ish color to which I understand is the sclera thinning. My question is me wanting to know if this is permanent? Is thinning reversible or will my eyes eventually degrade over time? I'd like to know more information about it, that way I can prepare for whatever might come for me.

Thank you!
##########
29F - Advice needed for vision problems that keep getting worse. Which route to take?
Hi, I’m wondering if someone can help steer me in the right direction. I have been to so many doctors already. I need some guidance on how to go forward.   
[

A few years ago, I did LASIK. I really regret making this impulsive decision. 3 or 4 days after I had it done, I accidentally sprayed my eye strongly up close with a hair product.  A day and a half later, I noticed a change of vision in that same eye (left eye) I sprayed. I went back to the ophthalmologist who did the surgery. He said it was impossible that spraying my eye made my vision worse and asked if I had anxiety. I never went back. I noticed after the surgery that if I crossed my eyes, like when you zone and blank out, they didn’t equally move the same way anymore. My eyes became super dry. I developed crazy halos and starbursts, occurring more intensely in my left eye than right. I lacked some sensation in that eye. I also started focusing more on my right eye. Something I noticed was that my left eye started protruding more and I developed ptosis there. I started seeing the shadow of my nose on my left field which drove me crazy. 

About 4 years later, I noticed a change of vision in that same left eye. I started going to eye doctors to see if maybe glasses could help. It turns out that he overcorrected my right eye (yay). Glasses did not treat the issues I was experiencing. The eye doctor told me my eyes were very dry and that I had blepharitis. He put in some punctal plugs which did not help me, maybe for a few hours. 

Fast forward a few months. A year and a bit ago, I made another mistake and went to an osteopath for TMJ. While I was there, he cracked my back and neck extremely intensely. I developed crazy back pain, was told I had whiplash from the experience. A year later a neurologist told me I suffered a concussion with TBI from this experience. Days after the manipulation, I started having pain in my left eye. I noticed that my eye went completely out of it’s natural position, more forward and to the side. I later noticed that my eyeball physically moved to the side. Soon after, I noticed that I had trouble easily following signs while in the car. My eyes couldn’t naturally flit from one thing approaching to the next. A few weeks later I noticed that I lacked some sensation on the left side of my body. 

I had a few experiences which makes me suspect that my eye muscles are no longer holding my eye in place and possibly not working. I had a meibography done and the simple act of putting the wand in my lower lid, I know pushed my eye out if it’s position. I developed double vision from that day, up and down. And floaters worsened. I developed a sort of air pocket above my eye and would always smooth it out, made a satisfying click every time. I never had that before. That’s how I know my eye came out of position. 

I got tested by a top endocrinologist to see if maybe I had Graves’ disease. I don’t. A top Oculoplastics ophthalmologist examined me and said the same. 

A few months later, a neuro ophthalmologist used a Hertel exophthalmometer to measure my eye protrusion. He placed the tool on either side of my eyes and the force of it moved my left eye even more. I felt terribly pain when he did so. After the appointment, I remember that color around me was going in and out, saturated and non saturated. And more floaters. I looked in the mirror that day and I saw my eye went even more out of position.

I need to note that I did multiple MRIs, MRAs and blood tests. OCT at multiple ophthalmologists. Everything is normal. I did notice that after I had done some MRIs, some of my symptoms worsened. Sometimes I wonder if it’s because of the shaking of the MRI table. Maybe some nerve damage worsened. I also did multiple visual field tests where you have to keep an eye closed for some time, about 10-15 minutes each eye. I feel like working the muscles in that way weakened my eyes. Or paralyzed them. 

I noticed that I have been having trouble moving the left side of my face in a certain way. And I have very little function in moving my eye lids, I can barely squint my left eye. I cannot hold my left eye closed to keep the right eye open. 

I started having some trouble with my eye muscles where they don’t want to work normally by moving in different directions. I likely have myasthenia gravis or an MTHFR mutation.

A week ago my neuro ophthalmologist told me to go to the ER, when I told him that my range of vision, of moving my eyes around dramatically worsened. When I went they wanted me to redo certain MRIs I had done. The MRI tech put some foam on the sides of my ears. When I went in, I noticed it was really hurting the left side of my face but I was forbidden to move them. I had to endure an hour of agony, intense pain on my left side. That night, I noticed an odd sensation of blankness on my left side, a lack of sensation. And stronger cloudiness in the vision on my left side. What drives me crazy is seeing the shadow of my nose even more on my left side. I also feel this constant need to pull my left eye up automatically. Everything in my left eye appears more dull in color but also larger. I’m sure it is because my eye is sitting more forward. 

I feel like the force of the MRI foam against my sides may have worsened any nerve damage. And the shaking of the machine may have done something negative too. I did have that neck and spine manipulation. 

Now I feel like my eye is bulging even more, moved physically to the side even more and totally out of position.    There is a space between my inner tear duct and my eyeball. It looks visibly different compared to the other side. My eyes refuse to converge to work together. I can’t read anything in small letters. I feel like my eyes just don’t want to work anymore. I feel there is a filter over my left eye, a cloudy, irritating dirty lens which is making me unable to focus on any task. I’m also having a very hard time focusing on anything moving fast, and my eyes get overwhelmed. 

I am at a loss right now. I feel like I’ve seen so many doctors and I don’t know what to do now. All I want is to get better. And reverse what LASIK did. I don’t know what’s being caused by LASIK and what could have been triggered by the manipulation I had. What’s related to my eye and what can possibly be stemming from nerve damage, affecting my face?

I’ve seen neurologists, cornea ophthalmologists, Oculoplastics ophthalmologist, eye muscle specialist, neuro ophthalmologists… I don’t know what to do anymore. I’m hoping that maybe just maybe, someone here has a clue to lead me in the right direction. This has been a major stress in my life, affecting my mental health and more. If you can find the time to help me, I would be eternally grateful to you.  


Are you able to help steer me in the right direction? Please, show me only kindness since this has been a source of tremendous stress and anxiety for me.   


Thank you so much. 

  
Attached below are some photos of my eyes:

  
[  
[

[
##########
31F white/Hispanic- Dry eyes + Tretinoin?
Hi all- i had Lasik 10 years ago, had virtually no dry eye symptoms until this March when I was under extreme stress. My dry eyes were quite uncomfortable most of the time, especially when I woke up- that was until this past week after I had two amniotic lens and plugs inserted. I'm finally feeling normal, I would even say good most of the time!! (Besides the first moment I wake up in the morning.)

My acne has been terrible this year (stress) and my dermatologist prescribed Tretinoin and spironolactone, both of which I had done in the past for a few years.

My ophthalmologist said that should be fine since I’m already treating the dry eyes and am doing everything I can to get it under control. She says I don't have MGD, my case isn't that extreme, and I should be able to use it. She said it does sometimes cause dry eye, but that it doesn't make a difference in this case because I already have it.

Does anyone have any experience continuing to use tretinoin after already having (and potentially successfully handling/managing) dry eye? 

Will it worsen my symptoms or just stay the same with my continued management? I really want to use both for the skin benefits:(

Thank you so much!
##########
30M question about optical effects due to Myopic Macilar Degen
Hello all

**Background:** I'm a patient living in Belgium with very high myopia all my life, prescription's been around -14 for the majority of my life and only went more negative due to studying, -17 since 2017. Now I'm 30 years old and in 2020 I've been diagnosed with what my main specialist calls myopic macular degeneration in my left eye (central vision is distorted). Left eye has always been the weakest. Prior to this development it always scored around 0,5/10 while right eye has around 3,5 to 4/10.
Other infos; occasional drinker, non-smoker, non-drugs, taking cosopt &amp; lumigan for controlling diagnosed juvenile glaucoma since 3 years ols.

**Concern**: At the time of the diagnosis, the specialists explained that this is due to extreme myopia and something with my very thin retina layer. They were confident that my right eye would not be damaged yet and as of 2020 they said I'd be lucky to live another 25-30 years without my right eye being affected. A main symptom is optical effects, like small weak flashes and patterns happening in my left eye, only lasting a brief second. These happen since 2020.  
One year later 1 I've been noticing them as well in my right eye, but ever since then, subsequent hospital visits showed no change in my right eye as per dilation exams. So I asked my specialist why this is happening and she couldn't give an answer to that. I've been dealing with periods where these optical effects are more present than other times, maybe linked to my anxiety and over-fixation of them.  
Of course I hope every "flare phase" doesn't mean it's going to jump over.

Sadly I cannot provide results from my last check, I haven't asked for tests results and not sure if I'll get them so easily

My main question is if these effects are a common symptom within MMD, as I find very little information about it. Sometimes it's quite the scare to notice them, especially when going to bed. I have more questions but not so sure how to formulate them.  
I mailed my doctors but it's been very difficult to ask advice. In the hospital  it's always very busy  and the time in the office is also very limited, let alone these poor doctors find time to answer emails and such. 

Kind regards  
-Sharpy
##########
27M, Is it normal for prescriptions to make one eye extremely blurry and the other eye clear? Or is this a sign of bad prescriptions?
So, my right eye is definitely my bad eye. These were my test scenarios in order of how clearly I can see:

If I cover my left eye, and look through my right eye with glasses, It is so blurry I cannot make out a damn thing

If I cover my left eye, and look through my right eye without glasses, it is a little blurry but I can still read. 

If I cover my right eye, and look through my left eye without glasses, I can see ok

If I use both eyes without glasses, I see ok

If I use both eyes with glasses, I can see pretty clear

If I cover my right eye, and look through my left eye using glasses, it's the clearest I've ever seen in my life
##########
18F Lazy eye
I’ve noticed my lazy eye (right eye) has been getting alot more sensitive to light and honestly just sensitive in general. I often have to close my lazy eye when trying to read something (without my glasses on) because i just cant read it and its too bright (I didn’t used to have to do this). But recently ive started to have to close it just when i’m casually outside. Could this maybe mean i should get my prescription updated or something? idk
##########
35F new flash
I have an optician’s appointment next week but I’d just like to know about this beforehand so I know what I’m dealing with. I’m agoraphobic so the idea of the appointment is more anxiety-inducing than potential eye problems atm. 
I’ve been getting this kind of flash in my right eye for a couple of months, maybe. It only lasts for a few seconds, a couple of times a day. 

But today it lasted a few seconds longer and immediately turned into a migraine aura. That hasn’t happened before, or at least I haven’t noticed before. I’ve been experiencing more frequent migraines lately. 

I’ve tried to draw it on a random photo. I thought maybe I had an eyelash trapped behind my eye but as time goes on I’m thinking maybe not.

I’ve worn glasses since I was 3 years old, last prescription was -5.75 -6.50. Chronic migraine sufferer.


##########
31F What does my prescription mean?
What does my prescription mean?

F31 Anglo Aussie here - I don't smoke or do recreational drugs, occasionally drink. Just got my first pair of glasses but I'm not really sure what they're for because I got conflicting information from different people. The optometrist said something about astigmatism in my right eye and wearing them while using screens, but the people in the shop said something about distance so I basically wanted to clarify so I wear them properly! 

Ordered power
Sph.: R 00.00, L 00.00
Cyl.: R -00.25, L -00.25 
Axis: R 020, L 145
Add.: R 00.00, L 00.00

Measured power
Sph.: R +00.01, L +00.01
Cyl.: R -00.23, L -00.24
Axis: R 023, L 142
Add.: 00.53, 00.53


Hopefully I've typed that out properly. Any clarification would be much appreciated!!
##########
37M Contacts wearer for 23 years, suddenly eyes don't focus properly while wearing them. Glasses are much better.
I had a minor illness that lasted maybe 48 hours and presented with minor stomach discomfort, dizziness, and fatigue. Since then, I've been slightly dizzy/light headed non stop for 3 weeks. It's either a brain thing, an inner ear thing, or an eye thing, but on the eyes front, I notice my symptoms are MUCH less prevalent while wearing glasses. In contacts, I feel more light headed, slight blurriness that isn't consistent, road signs are blurrier at distances they shouldn't be, and my my eyes have to "work" harder to focus instead of just always being easily in focus like they were 3 weeks ago - especially while driving. Again, most of this is resolved by wearing glasses - even though they're an older prescription.

Glasses rx: -4/-4 (old - I'd been this rx for many years til 2022) 

Previous Contacts rx: -4.25/-4 (2022) 

New Contacts rx: -4/-3.75 (from optometrist I saw last week who said my old rx was overpowered, thus causing eye strain)

But even with those new less powered contacts, the glasses are still miles better.

I will say I do a lot of screen work, as I work a tech job for a phone app, so that could play into it, but please make it make sense
##########
26m only left eye blurry
For context, saw the eye doc last year for floaters and had phenomenal vision all of my life (better than 20/20) but when dilated for the first time I noticed my left eye was blurry. 
My question is, when I cover my right eye it is slightly blurry out of my left, but can be completely normal if I look forward with my head turned to the right, or pull the outside of my left eyebrow towards my forehead slightly. Need some advice if there is a way to get it back to normal?
##########
35F; redness in outer left eye and pressure feeling
35 year old female, 110lbs, 5’4”… only medical history is I’ve had two eyelid surgeries to fix the droopiness due to field of vision loss but those were well over a year ago and there were no complications (minus the first surgery not working). I wear glasses but no contacts. 


I began having redness on the left sided half of my left eye for ~24 hours now. No draining, gunk, watery eyes, or any discharge. No known trauma to the area and it doesn’t feel like that time I had a corneal abrasion. The eye doesn’t feel scratchy and I have no issue keeping it open. About 18 hours ago I started feeling a pressure sensation in the eye, with most of the pressure being in the red area. There’s a little pressure feeling on the right side of that eye, but I think it’s just spilling over from the red area. Since last night, the pressure has gradually increased but it’s no unbearable, just uncomfortable. 


I just need to find out if this something that I should be seen for in an ER tonight (and get charged an exorbitant amount), or if I can try to get in to see an ophthalmologist in the morning since tomorrow is Monday. Thanks everyone!!
##########
26M having anisometropia and eye strain
My prescription is really complex and I am considering lasik.

Left: -1.00 -1.00 166

Right: +4.50 -1.50 015

As you can see, I have anisometropia and possibly aniseikonia.

I had amblyopia as a child. After treatment, my left eye was back to normal but my right eye was never cured. As a result, the CDVA for my left eye is 20/20 but only 20/25 for my right eye. Also, my right eye is a lot dimmer than my left eye since it was not developed well. Currently, I am doing vision therapy at home to maintain my binocular vision and reduce headache and dizziness everyday. I wear contact (+4.00 -1.75 010) on my right eye. For my left eye, I switch between glasses (over my right eye’s contact) and contact. (-0.75 -0.75 170 prescription). I am really dependent on my right eye’s contact because without it, I feel dizzy and cannot perform activities like driving and reading. However, I need to keep doing vision therapy with contacts everyday, otherwise, I would get headache possibly due to aniseikonia.

I went to 5 lasik centers for consultations over the past years and I am a candidate for lasik. 4 out of 5 places want to do lasik for me but I have been hesitant to decide whether this has more pros than cons. I am aware that hyperopia for lasik is not ideal with my prescription, but maybe it is still beneficial since I can reduce my anisometropia (and don’t need to deal with the rotation of my contacts and inconvenient setup like glasses over contact)?

Is lasik a possible solution to my case or is there a better solution?
##########
44M Eyes slow to focus.. Is this even a thing? Please Read..
Around Thanksgiving, I started getting short dizzy spells and through 8+ months of doctor visits, we have found almost nothing at all wrong. Brain MRI revealed all is well. My optometrist prescribed me glasses for things up close. This is a nearly constant issue unless I am sitting still at the computer or watching TV. When I walk around or drive, I'm squinting and constantly trying to maintain focus on my surroundings or where I'm going. I suspect this is an issue with my eyes being slow to focus. My eye doctor said the nerve(s)? in my eyes seem fine and other than needing the glasses for up-close things, the eyes seem good. Not sure if it's worth mentioning, but my left eye is much better than my right. Could the difference cause an issue?



If your eyes seem slow to focus, is this even a medical thing? I've seen the ENT doc and have been cleared. Good hearing. The brain MRI was fine. The cardiologist had me wear a heart monitor for 5 days and that was cleared as well.



Thanks
##########
35m, Diabetic Retinopathy
Hi,

I recently made a post about my diabetic retinopathy and my concerns about several scotomas I have near the center of my vision. At that time I was unable to acquire the images of my retina, but I have recently had more scans done and was able to get them sent to me.

My opthamologist seems not too worried as my next referal is in 6-9 months time, and whenever I mention my visual disturbances they are quickly bushed aside. However the scotomas are causing me a great deal of mental stress due to how close they are to central vision and how long they have been present, almost certainly permanent at this point.

The most concerning eye is my left eye as I feel my right eye may have somewhat improved, while the left continues to stay the same or get slightly worse. I even noticed what I think is the start of a new scotoma recently, its only very small (the size of the letter "l" on a 1440p screen) in comparison to the other ones, but it takes similar appearance. I am very vigilant with my vision now, I test it almost daily using a grid which varies in different colours.

I was never the best diabetic during my 20's, but for the last 6 or so years my control has been exceptional, +93% time in range with normal HBA1C levels.

Based on the scan how worried should I be about my left eye? I keep getting told everything is okay and from my very limited understanding about the eye, it appears that way to me as well, but I just feel like a piece of the puzzle is missing.

It's fine having an eye that appears okay(ish) on retinal scans but if it has several scotomas (3) with the appearance of a new one just forming, then its kinda irrelevant.

Here is the retinal scan - [ thank you so much for taking a look, it is very much appreciated, my anxiety is through the roof dealing with this. I don't think retinopathy at stage 2 (which I believe this is) should be causing this level visual disturbances.
##########
30F Lt Eye Tumors
Need help interpreting my eye surgeon notes [pictured](


Background Info…
30F have had aqueous dry eye since high school, but looked into Sjögren’s in 2020, pos ANA and SSB but neg SSA and neg lip biopsy. I tried Restasis for a couple years (and have continued using presently), as well as punctal plugs which popped out, and eventually tearduct ligation surgery in 2021. Surgery was helpful, but still needed to keep using restasis, and still can hardly wear contacts a full day. Since then, it has seemed like I can still taste eye drops down my throat despite the ligations, and left eye continues to stay more dry than the right (which is still a bit dry though).

Okay here’s the main part…
I went to my eye surgeon to ask about an irritated spot on my conjunctiva that has continued to get more or less irritated here and there the past 2yrs since ligation or so, and I had noticed it seemed ever so slightly raised and pink with vessels running through it. In my appt I heard him say it seemed like a benign mass, not seeming to be caused by something continuously scratching/irritating that spot like I thought, and told me he’d need to remove it surgically and get a biopsy, but I also heard him say it didn’t look super concerning. 

However after reading his notes, I realized he seems to be mentioning two different growths on the same eye. One on the conjunctiva, and the other on the caruncle…am I reading that correctly? I must have heard him wrong somehow, as I was surprised when he said I needed surgery, and may have tuned out extra info after that. I’ve [attached]( 3 pics of my Lt affected eye, and 2 of my Rt unaffected eye for comparison, as well as a pic of precellulitis I had in the Lt eye a yr ago in case it is relevant (forgot to ask surgeon if this could have caused the growths), and I am wondering if anyone can point out in the pics what he may be seeing, so I understand? I don’t see the oncocytoma or anything odd about the caruncle. Can you? Or is that something he could only see with his special lenses?

 Surgery is scheduled in September. I also have pre-op appt, but I don’t want to wait until then to verify my understanding of what may be going on. I have also contacted his office about this already, and they said they would put me on a cancellations waitlist, so I could talk sooner. In the meantime, if anyone has any suggestions, or can make sense of what he’s saying please let me know! Thank you.
 
Extra Info If Noteworthy…
I also recently got a pos anti-dsDNA test, so my GP suspects I have lupus, and I have been taking hydroxychloroquine and methotrexate as well as other medications. I also have a history of joint pains, swelling, mouth ulcers, and odd nerve related symptoms, such as dysautonomia, IST, spasms/jerks, atypical trigeminal neuralgia (started Lt side but happens on Rt and both sometimes), as well as unusual intermittent, sustained facial spasm (scrunched like a pirate) on Rt side of face that started last year, a month after trigeminal neuralgia symptoms. Interestingly, it started as brow ptosis each morning, that gradually, turned into a pattern of ptosis, eye twitch, then the spasming over a span of 30mins to hours randomly, but often after driving in sunlight. Went away after starting Gabapentin for the trigeminal neuralgia a few months later.
##########
40 Female non smoker confused by new eye issue
What’s this?

On my right eye whenever I look to my left it get this white line that slightly overlaps the bottom part of my eye lid. It’s not discharge or anything. My eye feels ok apart from a bit watery. It isn’t visible the rest of the time. I noticed this a couple of days ago. I’m going to book an eye appointment soon but was curious if anyone had any ideas. 


##########
35M Large difference in Sphere between right and left makes eyeglasses uncomfortable. Solutions that don't involve contacts?
My current eyeglass prescription is:

OD: 0.00 -3.25 x 170

OS: -4.00 -1.25 x 170

The reason the sphere is so different is because I got corneal crosslinking done on the OD eye 5 years ago which brought the sphere up from -2.75 to 0.00.

Unfortunately, this large difference in sphere means eyeglasses are uncomfortable for me because my vision feels warped and my ability to judge distances is bad and makes driving uncomfortable. I've worn these glasses for a year now and my brain still hasn't adapted to it.

Is there anything I can do involving eyeglasses to make things more comfortable for me? I wear contacts but I'd still like a comfortable eyeglass option.

I don't drink, smoke, or do drugs and I'm Asian.
##########
25F Fix for halos after ICL?
Is there, realistically, a fix for people who see halos and glares because of large pupils after ICL operation? 

I had my surgery 2 years ago and if the dry eyes have completely healed, the halos NEVER went away (and at this point i dont think they'll ever will)
They kinda make me go insane at night cuz they're SO prevalent, I literally cant go to the cinema anymore or drive at night without seeing huge starbusts everywhere

Is there a medical fix for it? Has the optometry world evolved enough to solve this problem yet? 

(For now i use pilocarpine 1% drops, but that's mostly a bandai more than a solution lol)
##########
18M eye has dark spot in lowlight
Hi all, earlier today, about 6 hours ago I sustained a hit to my eye by a very light ball abit like a balloon, but it was hit quite strongly. For a while after the hit my eye was blurry, but it cleared up within 1 hour. It is mostly fine now, in normal lighting situations. However, in low light situations i feel like the bottom part of my eye has a dark spot and I cannot see at that part, when compared to my other eye. Is this a cause for concern? Thanks!

I have never experienced this before.
##########
27F neovascularization of the cornea
Years ago, I got diagnosed with neovascularization of the cornea both of my eyes. I was a heavy contact user. I stopped wearing contacts and got the steroid treatment, I had a small cloud at the time not touching my pupil and near the rim of the iris. Today while doing my makeup i noticed another small cloud next to it.. I'm very confused and alarmed if it's getting worse despite no longer wearing contacts, is this normal?

does the cloud changing mean something Ig? 


##########
26M Need help, dry eyes only when in office and it is making my life dangerous
Hello guys,

I have severe dry eye problems but only when I am working in the office, when I am working from home my eyes do get tired but not even remotely dry.
Also, this only happens when I am looking at screens.
This has been happening for the last year.

When I am in office, my eyes get dry after 1-2 hours and they get irritated, red, sometimes a feeling like something is in my eyes.
I get blurry vision and can hardly drive home after work.
That is why I said it is dangerous.

Visited the ophthalmologist and he said I have computer vision syndrome and to use eye drops. This does not fix anything and he just prescripts me to use more.

Visited few more specialista and they just prescribe various amounts of eye drops.
This doesn't help.

Things I tried to remedy this:

- artificial eye drops(helps for few days then makes it worse)
- massaging eye lids (I irritate my eyes)
- cleaning tissues for eye - Bephaclean -&gt; they mostly help actually, one time they made my eyes sting so I stopped but it only happened once
- 20x20x20 exercise - this helps but not too much
- 5 minutes break every hour from screens

I am trying out this now:
1) Warm compress for 15 mins x2 a day
2) Massaging around eye lids(brows and other stuff, not touching eyes directly x2
3) Eye exercises
4) Bephaclean before sleep
5) Humifider on my desk in office
6) Still doing 20x20x20 and breaks

So far it has been 5 days and I can't say it helps.

Can anyone help?
##########
40/F Postpartum Cornea Issues - is this a thing?
Hi there! Thanks in advance for your kind thoughts on my weird little quandary!   
  
TL;DR version:   
  
I gave birth to my daughter almost exactly 1 year ago, and have not been able to wear contacts since she was born. They feel generally ok while I'm wearing them, but after they're out and for the next 1-3 days, my eyes are terribly painful, intermittently weepy, and crusty upon waking. I followed the protocol given to me by a cornea specialist (Ivizia along with lubricating drops, with some Neo-Poly Dex drops for early triage) but 6 months after that appointment, I have fewer sudden "stinging attacks" but am still terribly bothered by contacts. I've worn them since 4th grade; what gives?! 

Full version:

I gave birth in June of last year, and wore mostly glasses in the weeks thereafter. Once I started getting back into my contacts, I found that I was hit with sudden, debilitating bouts of watering, stinging, searing pain that caused my nose to run! I saw two different ophthalmologists, who both prescribed steroid eye drops (In retrospect, it seems that they may have just wanted to give a little band-aid in hopes the issue would resolve itself). My vision began to get increasingly blurry as time went on, to the point where I couldn't read onscreen text on a TV that was &lt;8ft away. 

On a trip back home to NYC, I saw my old optometrist, who I've known for a decade, and she absolutely FLIPPED OUT over the condition of my corneas. "HOW could they let you go in this condition?!?!? Your corneas are absolutely COVERED in weird little pits! Like, you have divots all over your corneas. I have LITERALLY NEVER SEEN THIS BEFORE. Your prescription is so bad right now that I can't even write a script in good faith. There's a very large part of me that wants to report them for malpractice for examining you and not discovering or telling you about this. This is seriously a BIG DEAL. You're in bad shape." she said. She made me promise to see an actual cornea specialist upon returning to California, 

I made an appointment with a cornea specialist, who gave me a 30-day treatment plan, with Ivizia and prescription eye drops, and a follow-up appointment in 6 months. No contacts whatsoever during the treatment period, but they should be fine after 6 or 8 weeks. Unfortunately, I've had to reschedule my 6mo follow-up due to insurance changes, but I am definitely not back to normal with wearing contacts as I'd hoped I would be. I can wear them once and be generally ok, but twice or more within a few days and I'm wrecked. In the days following wearing them, my eyes are irritated, frequently stingy and teary, and super gross and crusty in the mornings. Effects last for 3ish days after my second-or-more wearing of contacts. 

I suppose my greater question is: Are postpartum eye changes still extant a full year after giving birth, or is this something else? Again, I have nearly 30 years of contact-wearing experience and this issue only reared its head after having a baby, so I can't help but make a connection in my mind. What is going on? What can I do to make things less unpleasant? Is there any way out? Is my dream of Lasik (which I actually have the time and finances to do right now) dead in the water? Someone please halp!!! 

Appreciate you so much if you've read this far. Please feel free to ask questions (I'll respond when I am able around single-mother duties) and offer expertise as you can. I'm looking forward to revisiting the cornea specialist once my insurance shakes out, but any thoughts or guidance in the meanwhile is VERY appreciated! &lt;3
##########
47yo F w/ floaters and double vision
I have been to the optometrist, the ophthalmologist, and the neurologist once each already, and they've said there's "nothing wrong" with my eyes. I'm just trying understand how there can be nothing wrong but I have several ongoing issues.

My stats: 47yo female, white, mostly fit, no prior diseases, prior head injury in 2013, perimenopausal

Here is the timeline of my issues:

Past history: Refractive error + presbyopia OU

May 16, 2023: Sudden development of vertical diplopia. Visit to ER. Negative CT and MRI. Double vision present in each eye individually.

November 10, 2023: After intense exercise like I haven't done since I was 20, I \*immediately\* had floaters in my eyes. Literally appeared as I was doing the exercise and have remained.

December 5, 2023: Eye exam. No retinal tearing.

December 15, 2023: Had an MRI with no findings.

February 5, 2024: Ophthalmology consult. No abnormalities. Likely cause of double vision is astigmatism.

April 15, 2024: Abnormal thyroid lab result.

A couple weeks ago: Had a sudden and temporary worsening of double vision. Lasted about an hour.

Maybe I'm just getting old and have to deal with this stuff, but just like to get as much information as I can.

TIA!

brinraeven
##########
29f woke up with this spot
woke up this morning with an irritated eye and a lot of eye gunk. I DID fall asleep with my contacts in so I pulled them out and when I put on my glasses, I noticed this white spot. Two hours later, still here and my eye is still a bit red and every blink feels like there is something in my eye when there isn't. Light sensitivity too, if that matters. It's the middle of my work week, so won't be able to make it to a doctor until at least Sunday. 



##########
25F: Fuchs Dystrophy Clinical Trial Option
Hello everyone! My name is Rithana and I wanted to share some information about a new Fuchs Dystrophy clinical trial that my team, Leapcure, is currently working on. This clinical trial by Kowa is testing an investigational eye drop medication to see if it could potentially aid post-surgical healing for Fuchs patients.           

If you’re curious about participating, we have a 5-minute questionnaire that you can take here to get connected with someone on the Leapcure team, who will chat with you to answer any questions and help you figure out your eligibility. 
lpcur.com/eyetriage
##########
34 male with choroideremia at what point do I surrender my license?
With glasses I can still see during the day with 20/20 vision. However my focus feels a bit weird. Night driving isn't a option for me at all anymore. 

At what point do I just say I can't drive anymore?

Wearing glasses, astigmatism in both eyes and a really rare form of retinal disease where the choroid has thinned out, a very tesselated posterior fundus and rare pigment clumps. Without glasses, im pretty close to legally blind. 34 years old.
##########
18 months of misery, vision temporarily fading, 4 ophthalmologists, daily protein? Discharge (30M)
Hi and hello, 

I am hoping someone here can point me in a direction to better ask about or have had some  similar experience to me.

Preface: About January 2023 I had what I believed a minor eye infection, was tough and required 2 rounds of antibiotics to clear up. Before that I hadn’t had an eye infection in maybe 8 years.

At the time I was wearing contacts, since then I have not worn them again. Switched to glasses after

Over the following 10-12 weeks, it felt like an infection returned twice (yes I was washing my hands regularly and changing pillow covers nightly, tried several days in a hotel to try and help), again same doctor gave antibiotics, started to resolve, then felt like a reinfection. Finally sent to a specialist, who first saw in April 2020, they said it seemed like an eye infection (affecting both eyes, but right eye more than left), more antibiotics, sent on way.

Note: entire time using lots of artificial tears, usually not until 30 minutes after the antibiotic drops and not within 30 before. Lots of protein like discharge needing to be dabbed out of eye, very stringy and sticky (stretch 5-6 inches)

Over next few months right eye stayed slightly red and aggravated, both eyes felt slightly dry, still light to moderate discharge daily.

Then I moved in July of 2023, staying in a room with almost all hardwood flooring, change sheets and pillow covers regularly, and one day things started to shift. Slowly color felt faded, vision started blurring in my right eye, lots of refracted halo light rainbows around every light source imaginable - immediately went to another ophthalmologist who ran some tests and said it’s just a dry eye. Really dry, but just dry.

Gave me recommendation for artificial tears, preservative free, told me use them as often as I need them.

Minor but no significant improvement over next 45 days, finally sent up to Hopkins to get looked at, similar response - it’s just dry eye, here’s artificial tear recommendation and here’s Xiidra. Will take time to work, brought med students/residents in to look at how dry the eye is, said it’s like looking through frosted glass. (Accurate description)

Another 6 weeks of Xiidra and Artificial tears, at this point it was costing me over $200 a week to keep my right eye from drying out and getting stuck just from tears. Hot compresses daily, still changing pillow covers, still have long strings of white gunk to pull out of my eyes and embarrassing to go out in public.

When using the Xiidra, it looked like a scene from a horror movie, the amount of sticky gel-ish looking stuff that would come out. Eyelids would cause strings of it to be stretched when opening my eyes after putting them in. Doc said not really normal but maybe an infection once I called.

Return to same doc, they stick punctual plugs in - great, things seem to work somewhat, but after about a week the plugs had dislodged and gone somewhere (nasal cavity?), back to doc, bigger plugs put in. Told they are a temporary measure, at best

Have to assume that after another week, they came out again, I couldn’t feel them there (always could when in). In comes $500 bill, on top of the still almost $150 weekly eyedrops.

Whenever I start seeing rainbows everywhere, I know a bad cycle is coming, and have to buckle down while my vision tanks and I don’t feel like I can see well out of that eye, typically I just close that eye and try to function with the left.

Wanting a second opinion, as the Xiidra seemed to help remove gunk, but the issue hasn’t resolved more than 20%, I see another opthamologist. This time, I am told it’s not just dry eye, it’s just an acute allergy affecting one eye (seasonal/irritants). Please try steroid drops for 30 days, quit the Xiidra. 

After 3 weeks, things actually felt like they were improving somewhat, taking Zyrtec again daily before bed, still using lots of eye lube, but for a few hours a day it wasn’t embarrassing to go out in public. 

Return to office, more tests, eyes in whatever scans are healthy (inside eye, back of eye?), but another 30 days of steroids before trying some allergy testing.

2 weeks later, (few days ago) I feel my eye progress reverting, as of today and yesterday, I am back to the worst condition my sight has been in to date. Still using crazy amounts of tears, I cannot even read text on my phone at chest level, lots of rainbow halos again - and I feel like I’m back at square 0 a year after starting treatment for just this phase - 18 months since first events I can trace. 

Up to $1000 a month for partial vision isn’t sustainable, I’m 30 years old so I’d like to think my eyes should be fairly healthy, my left eye is 98% fine (slightly dry some days but that’s it, no discharge or blurred vision). 

I will see the doc again, I’m just at a loss and want to live a semi normal life again, able to go go out in public longer than an hour at a time, not be kept awake due to extreme discomfort, and stop feeling like I’m going in circles

Sorry for the long post, I tried to include as many details as I could, I hope someone here might have an idea or seen a similar situation that might help me. I used to be a social person, I’ve had to avoid people and situations often and it’s soul crushing to basically not have made progress after a year for a new acute condition. 

So if anyone reading this has any ideas, I’d appreciate it from the depths of my soul
##########
36M AMBD light halos - will they go away?
Hello. 36M/white-European/non smoker/2-3 glasses of red wine per day/daily low doses of trazodone, antihistamines, magnesium supplements/no other medical conditions.

I have always had 20/20 vision and outside of a few optical migraines I have never experienced eye problems.

About a year ago I began experiencing a halo around lights, it wasn’t very intense and seemed to go away after a few weeks. About a month ago I experienced very prominent halos around lights only in my right eye. A visit to the eye doctor resulted in an AMBD diagnosis, though I still have 20/20 vision.

My question is, over time will the ridges on my eye change, causing the halo to go away on its own, or do I need to have a procedure done?

Thank you.
##########
35M, recovering from detached retina, need new cornea
As title states, I'm a 35M in the US - I recently had a laser surgery to repair a 1 mm retina tear (with 25% retina detachment), as well as.a surgery to remove a dislocated IOL that was put in a few months ago.

Apparently, as a result of the surgery (the SF6 bubble they put in my eye), my cornea transplant (also put in a few months ago) in that eye is now "dead," and parts of my iris are stuck against cornea, which will require surgery.

I still have some lost vision in my left field vision (it's a kind of pinkish/purple splotch), but the retina doctor seemed to think that will go away. During an ultrasound and exam of my eye yesterday, he said the retina looks good.

I guess I'm generally wondering what the long-term prognosis for my eye is? I had 20/30 vision corrected before all my surgeries in January, but wondering what might be realistic going forward? I think I just generally feel very sad that my eye has gone through this much and there doesn't appear to be an end in sight. 

I don't smoke, drink socially, and occasionally use recreational drugs (MDMA, LSD, shrooms) 2-3x per year. They have me taking prednisolone acetate and an antibiotic 4x per day.
##########
23M Asian, chalazion present for 5 months?
Does anyone of you here experience a chalazion that is present for more than 3 months? Mine is already on 5th month. And did you guys experience a recurrent formation of pus and then when it bursts out it shows a tiny small wound/ulcer for 2 months or so? It is like a never-ending cycle because when it is about to heal or close completely it keeps on getting or forming yellow inside (which I assume a pus) and then when it bursts or pops out, it opens the skin again.

March 12: 
Current (June 13): 

As you can see, the size has improved and I see on my past photos it was much bigger than today.
##########
12Month old Female with -4 myopia
Took my one year old into her 12 mo appt and the welch allyn spot screener advised us to take her to get a better screening. went to ophthalmologist and she did a dilated exam and said she had myopia -4 and to follow up in a year. I'm a stay at home mom (nurse prior) this is my first baby but i'm pretty astute to her issues? I was SHOCKED to hear that she had vision issues? Full term and normal birth history. I've never once suspected she couldn't see. I'm so concerned about progression throughout her life. Should I get a second opinion or is the dilated eye exam with the refractors/light pretty accurate even with a screaming baby that wasn't cooperating?

Results 
Left eye
SE -5.25
DS -5.00
DC -0.75
Axis @ 30

Right eye
SE -4.25
DS -3.50
DC -1.25
Axis @ 8

Prescription 
Sphere left and right -4.00
##########
